---
layout: page
title: "When You Don't See Me: a Starbreaker novel"
type: abandoned
date: 2021-01-07
description: "A year after the band Crowley's Thoth imploded, its members get back together to figure out what went wrong. The problem is that Christabel knew all along."
---

A year after the band Crowley's Thoth imploded, its members get back together to figure out what went wrong. The problem is that Christabel knew all along.

## Content Warning

The following is a work of fiction. As such, the reader should understand and accept *all* of the following before continuing.

* The places, events, and people depicted are fictional.
* Any resemblance to real places, events, and people are coincidental.
* It contains material that may not be appropriate for all readers.
* The author does not condone everything they depict within.

## Dedication

For Cat, purr usual.

## Part I: Reckoning Day

In which Annelise Copeland faces an unwanted but long-awaited reunion,
Naomi Bradleigh enjoys an awkward Winter Solstice dinner, and Morgan
Cooper spends a long night with old friends and old regrets...

The title comes from "Reckoning Day" by Megadeth, from /Youthanasia/.


#### Annelise 1

Annelise had hoped for more time before her past finally caught up
with her. It was bound to happen eventually. Nobody could live the
life she had lived and reach the modest heights of prominence she had
scaled and then disappear altogether into obscurity. Not when she
chose New York in which to resume the life she had put aside when an
agent of fortune had offered her a chance to be an actress on the
grandest of stages, that of history in the making.

Moreover, it was ultimately her fault. She could freely admit it in
the privacy of her own heart. With the wealth she had amassed, she
could have rebuilt her life in any city on Earth. Though London was
denied her, and Paris still too close for safety, New York was most
perilous of all, for it was not only her hometown, but that of the
einherjar[1] who had claimed to love her. The world was full of cities
that would have offered the affluent clientele she craved. Even the
antarctic domed city of Asgard would have suited, though that too was
too close for comfort for other reasons. She had known as much, and
yet the call of home was a clarion she could not ignore. Though she
had come to fear Morgan Cooper, she was determined not to let him
drive her away. This city was big enough for both of them.

Now it was Winter Solstice, and /he/ was here. He had come inside, but
stood at ease beside the entrance as if unsure of his welcome. Snow
melted in his gleaming blue-black hair, and on the shoulders of the
double-breasted navy blue pea coat he wore over a forest green
turtleneck sweater that brought out his slit-pupiled and thus
not-quite-human eyes. He had cropped his hair short, as if he had been
fighting recently, and it brought the angles of his face into sharp
relief. When he spoke, it was in a clear tenor tone. "Hello again."

Reason demanded that Annelise turn Morgan away, that she ask him to
leave, and to depart herself if he refused. Summoning the police would
had done no good; should Morgan had chosen to defy them, the
authorities would have had to use overwhelming force to subdue him,
and Boutique Annelise would most likely lay in ruins
afterward. Instead, it seemed best to speak civilly with him. /At
least he's not visibly armed,/ Annelise thought, and took courage from
the knowledge. "It's been a while. You're looking well."

Morgan flashed a quick smile. "Thank you. Are you still open? May I
look around?"

Surprised by such mundane questions, Annelise checked the time. It was
almost noon, and she had planned to close at one in the afternoon
since nobody was putting in a full day today. Besides, she had
promised her family she'd be home to help with dinner. "Surely you're
not here to pick out a new suit."

Annelise refused to believe that this particular man had chosen to do
business at her establishment. Most men believed they had better
things to do, and had been content to provide their measurements and
requirements, and then visit for their final fittings and to collect
their new clothes. It was mainly women who came in to browse,
occasionally with masculine partners in tow who would avail themselves
of the armchairs she had placed around the boutique.

Nonetheless, here Morgan was silently examining a winter-weight
three-piece suit of her own design. He considered the fabric and the
stitching with almost the same care with which she'd judge her own
work, and eventually gave an approving nod. "I'd like to place an
order."

Before she could think better of it, Annelise spat out her refusal. "I
don't want your money. I don't want anything from you. I don't even
want to know why you're here."

She was sure Morgan would accept the rebuke as he had always done
before, that he would yield to her without protest. Instead, he
narrowed his eyes in anger and set his jaw in defiance. For a moment
she thought he would lash out, but he seemed to master himself. "Fair
enough. I was wrong to come. Joyous Solstice."

"Joyous Solstice," said Annelise, not trusting herself to say the
rest. Though Morgan surely remembered the hatred into which resentful
years had curdled, she did not want to remind him. It was not until
the door was safely closed behind him and he had disappeared into a
swirling snowy gust that she let her true feelings out. "Asshole."


#### Naomi 1

Naomi had spent all day dreading the question, and regretted yet again
that she had declined Morgan's offer to come meet her family for
Winter Solstice. It would have simplified matters considerably if he
had been here to help field her family's questions about her love life
after the dissolution of Crowley's Thoth and her misadventures
fighting alongside Morgan against Alexander Liebenthal in Boston. But
here she was, on her own, when her mother Sophie finally dropped the
question as if serving up a fresh cut of some noisome meat. "So, Nims,
are you and this Morgan Stormrider fellow serious yet?"

Her father Howell joined in, "I wouldn't have minded meeting him
myself. Might have taken him down to the pub for a pint, maybe a bit
of arm-wrestling."

Her brothers, Niall, Nathan, and Norman, were no help. They had
abandoned her to her parents' tender mercies on the pretext of
clearing the table. "It depends on how you define serious?"

"Well," said Sophie. "He fought beside you in Boston, didn't he? And
in all of the photos we see in the papers you two always seem rather
taken with one another."

"I just want to be sure he's a good bloke for you, Nims," Howell
added. "Make sure his intentions for you are honorable."

/Not that my intentions toward him were anything of the sort, and not
that he seems to have minded thus far,/ Naomi thought. Of course,
she'd never say such a thing to her parents. They were practically
childhood sweethearts. They had married young, had sons in rapid
succession, and then adopted her after learning that a hitherto
undiscovered genetic defect left Howell incapable of giving Sophie
daughters.

When her true parents had decided not to raise Naomi themselves—a
decision she herself applauded knowing what she did of her biological
father—they had sought a suitable family and found one in the
Bradleighs. Though they had hoped for a princess and gotten an Amazon,
they had loved Naomi.

Naomi loved her parents in turn, or at least she believed she did. At
least, she did her best to be a loving daughter. She kept in
touch. She visited regularly. She confided in her parents. She
tolerated their concern regarding her romantic life with as much grace
as she could manage, grateful for the practice she had gotten in
dealing with far less gentle probing into such matters by journalists
and paparazzi.

Likewise, Naomi wanted to believe she loved Morgan, but she harbored
doubts. For one, she believed she had loved all of the lovers who had
preceded him. She enjoyed his company. She enjoyed their bedroom sport
once they had gotten acquainted with each other's bodies, and she had
been generous in her offerings to all of the appropriate gods that the
initial awkwardness of new lovers had not lasted long. She did not
find his conversation tedious yet, and still hoped Morgan was of
similar opinion concerning her own discourse. She was proud to fight
beside him, standing back to back with him felt profoundly right, and
she had found herself confident that she would take a bullet for him
if she had to, as he had already done for her. She believed they could
make a good life together, or at least she wanted to possess such
faith.

/But is all of that really love?/ That was the question Naomi
constantly asked herself, tormenting herself with her own doubts until
she pushed her lovers away. "It's not you. It's me," was the common
theme on which she had composed a different variation each time, and
while it was true enough for government work it hid a deeper, more
insidious truth that she had refused to confess even to her
psychotherapists. /Am I just using Morgan for my own pleasure? How
much my true father's daughter am I?/

"Nims?" Sophie's hand on hers brought her out of her reverie. "Are you
all right? Did dinner disagree with you? Too much wine, perhaps?"

"No," said Naomi. "Dinner was lovely, and I've only had that one
glass. It's something else."

"Is it about Morgan?"

"If he's hurt you," said Howell, his voice roughening in a protective,
paternal anger that Naomi suddenly feared would prove his death, "I'll
kick his arse so hard he'll splash down in the middle of the fucking
Atlantic."

"It's not Morgan," Naomi protested as her father issued his
threat. There was more she could say, but she held it all back for his
sake; telling him had didn't have a prayer against one of the
einherjar would only cut into his pride. He was still old-fashioned
enough to think he needed to be able to fight with his fists for his
little girl. Naomi found it touching, especially since she was a bit
taller than he while barefoot and towered over him in heels. Howell
knew that she hadn't been his little girl in almost forever, but Naomi
wanted to believe she loved him too much not to belabor the point.

"It's not him," she repeated, and summoned the courage to say what she
had feared to say her entire life. "It's me. I think he loves me. I
want to believe I love him. But I'm not sure I'm even capable of
loving somebody."

Until she felt her parents arms close around her, Naomi was sure they
would ask if her confession meant that her love for them had been a
sham all this time. Instead, Sophie looked her in the eye and said,
"Are you afraid that you're like the man who gave you up to us? Are
you afraid you might be /his/ daughter after all?"

/Yes,/ Naomi was sure she only admitted her fear to herself, but she
must have spoken it out loud because Howell only hugged her
tighter. "Nims, I couldn't stop you from learning about him, and maybe
I didn't have the right, but I wish to all the gods I had tried harder
to stop you because that knowledge has left scars on you that you
never deserved to bear. But you listen to me.

"The one good thing that man did, whether he calls himself Ian Malkin
or Isaac Magnin or Loki fuckin' Lie-smith was let you go. He loved you
enough to do that much even if he is the closest thing we've got to a
devil walkin' the earth. If he could do that, then even if you're his
daughter in truth you still have it in you to love somebody."

"I just don't know what to do," Naomi admitted, mastering her
emotions. She didn't want to ruin Winter Solstice for everybody by
making a weepy, emotional mess of herself. There would be time enough
for that when she took a bottle to her bedroom, emptied it, and then
drunk-dialed Morgan to unburden herself to the one person who needed
the truth most. "I've kept so many secrets from Morgan that I'm afraid
to stop keeping them. If I had told him up front, he might not have
gotten up the nerve to try again with me. If I tell him now, how can
he trust me?"

"It's a hard dilemma," said Sophie, "but what's this about him trying
again?"

Despite herself, Naomi smiled at the memory. Morgan had been such a
young man the first time. "He was working as a bouncer at a bar where
I was playing. He was only sixteen at the time, yet he had the nerve
to ask me out to dinner. I told him I didn't want to take advantage of
a young man his age, gave him his first kiss, and told him he should
ask again after he's lived more of a life."

For reasons Naomi did not understand and dared not ask, Howell laughed
at her admission. "So, let me see if I've got this straight. This
bloke asked you out when he was still mostly a lad, you were his first
snog, and he been pining for you all this time?"

"Well, not pining. After all, he did meet Christabel and they were
together for a decade. It wasn't his idea to break up, any more than
breaking up the band was his either."

/Dammit, Morgan,/ Naomi thought, /I know you promised you'd keep Eddie
company and keep him from falling off the wagon again but I should
have insisted you come. You could have brought the old sleaze with
you. You ought to be here to defend yourself, but I suppose I wouldn't
have dared unburden myself if you were./

"That doesn't sound like pining to me, Howell," Sophie said, trying to
mediate the dispute. "But it does sound like he cares enough for you
to be patient."

"Well, he is that," said Naomi as she refilled her glass halfway. She
forced herself to take the barest of sips, just enough to redden her
lips anew. "But what am I supposed to tell him? And when? This isn't a
suitable conversation for Winter Solstice."

"Just call the man," said Howell, "And tell him you've been keeping
secrets. He's probably got secrets of his own that he'd like to
share. The sooner you two talk this out, the stronger your bond will
be."

"Oh? And what did you tell my mum?" Though Naomi half-suspected she'd
regret the question, she asked it anyway just to take their focus off
of her.

"Oh, well," said Sophie. "Didn't Morgan have desires he was afraid to
admit at first?"

/Only that he craved the firm hand of an occasionally harsh mistress,/
Naomi thought, keeping that and the rest to herself for discretion's
sake. /Not that it wasn't obvious from the start./ Instead, she said,
"Thanks for being here for me. I really needed this, but would you
mind if I called Morgan after we had dessert? I won't be long, but I
wanted to wish him Joyous Solstice and ask if he'd mind having me over
in the next couple of days."

"Oh, but we were hoping you'd stay a while," said Sophie.

"That's fine," said Naomi, her spirits already lifting. "I just want
to talk things out with Morgan in private. It shouldn't take that
long. Then, as long as you're all right with it, I'm almost sure he'd
be happy to come by and meet you. He wanted to be here tonight, but
had promised to keep Eddie Cohen company tonight. He's an old friend,
and afraid that if he spent the Solstice alone he'd end up drinking
again."

Howell nodded. "That sounds like a good man you've picked for
yourself."

Though Naomi wanted desperately to agree, an unspoken doubt
lingered. If she had any say in the matter, it would remain unspoken;
she did not want to go looking for a reason to dislike Morgan, or to
drive him away, unless her own now-admitted fears drove her to
it. "He's a better man than I expected him to become. I hope you both
like him."


#### Morgan 1

Snow swirled around Morgan and Edmund and melted on impact with the
heated sidewalk as they approached Bleecker Street in Greenwich
Village. Their destination was a bar reputed to remain open all night
on the Winter Solstice, offering welcome to those with nowhere else to
go so that they need not spend the night alone. A neon sign flashing
"Bacchus on Bleecker" lit the way, its glow piercing the white that
otherwise obscured Morgan's vision beyond his outstretched arm.

"We should have called a cab," said Edmund, wiping a face wet from
snow-melt with the back of his coat sleeve.

"I had suggested it earlier, remember?"

"Yeah." Edmund stopped short at the crossing as the light turned
against them. Walking in place to keep moving, he rubbed his gloved
hands together. "This is me admitting you were right. Savor it."

It was little enough to savor, Morgan reflected, even if it was rare
for the old sharpshooter to admit to a mistake. Doubtless the cold
struck him harder, and he would want a drink to warm his bones. "Just
a bit farther and we can get you something hot to drink."

"Something hot? Some vodka would do fine."

"If you were going to relapse that easily, why the hell did you ask me
to spend the night with you? I could be in London meeting Naomi's
family and enjoying a home-cooked meal that somebody else made for
once."

Edmund snorted. "Got no family of your own?"

"Oh, I've got one, but when my mother told me to fuck off I did
exactly that and I haven't been back since."

"Well, a dutiful son ought to mind his mother, but don't you miss your
family?"

Morgan thought about it a moment. "Sometimes, but I had recorded my
last conversation with my parents. Every time I weaken and think about
trying to reconcile with them, I play back the shit they said to me
and come to my senses."

"And none of them ever reached out to you?"

"No, unless Astarte has blackholing their messages without telling
me." Morgan would not have put it past the AI daemon who owned the
brownstone in which he lived. She was protective of her tenants. "I
suppose I could ask her about that, but she'd get flustered. Besides,
she's probably doing me a favor."

"How about we do ourselves a favor and get to the bar before we freeze
our arses off?"

With the traffic signals in their favor again, Edmund stepped into the
street ahead of Morgan, too intent on crossing to notice the
approaching car to his left. Its driver had not accounted for the
weather, and was braking too late to stop before the crosswalk. The
driver's growing horror told Morgan that his conclusion was correct;
if he did not intervene immediately Edmund would spend the Winter
Solstice in the hospital, and that was only if whatever benign power
ordinarily watched over the old man hadn't decided to take the night
off and go do whatever it was such beings did when they wanted to
party.

Pushing his body beyond its normal limits, Morgan held his place in
time. The barest sliver of a second passed, and he was beside
Edmund. He soon had Edmund off his feet. An eye-blink later he and
Edmund were safely across the street as the car fishtailed its way
into the intersection and came within a hair of getting t-boned by a
taxi whose driver was too sure of their right of way to slow down.

"Holy shit," said Edmund. "You just saved my bloody life."

"Probably." Though Morgan knew he should feel grateful that he had
gotten the opportunity to use the preternatural powers with which he
had been endowed since birth to save a life instead of to harm an
enemy, he regretted that their use had been necessary at all.

Edmund clapped his shoulder. "Sorry, kid. I should have been more
careful. I bet doing that takes a lot out of you."

"Yeah." Hunger had begun to gnaw at Morgan. Though he had not spent
more than a minute in mitochondrial overdrive[2] to sustain his
demonic speed and the inertial dampening field in which he had cloaked
himself for his own safety, even that long had been enough to burn a
day's worth of calories. "Not just physically, either."

"You don't like being reminded that—"

"—that I'm not human? No, not particularly. But I'd rather break
character to safe a life than to take one."

Edmund raised an eyebrow at Morgan's phrasing. "Is that what you call
it? Breaking character? So you realize you're playing a role."

"I am rarely permitted to forget it, and no matter how well I play the
part, those closest to me can always tell I'm wearing a mask."
Stepping forward, Morgan opened the door to Bacchus on Bleecker for
the old sharpshooter. "Nevertheless, I'd rather play a role I chose
for myself than one chosen for me before I was born."

The interior of Bacchus on Bleecker was carefully designed to remind
every patron of a comfortable pub in the town or city they had left
behind, no matter where that place might be. It was constructed of
dark, lovingly oiled hardwoods. In one room, men gathered beneath an
array of screens to watch sporting matches that had already played out
the day before, alternately cheering or groaning as the fortunes of
their favored teams rose and fell.

A soft, familiar melody lured Morgan into another room whose seating
was upholstered in midnight blue velvet. For but a moment Morgan
thought the pianist was Naomi despite his knowledge of her
whereabouts. Once inside, Morgan saw the truth for himself. A petite
young black woman sat behind the piano, playing "Blue Monk"[3] to a
room empty save for Morgan, Edmund, and a pale brunette in a little
black dress sipping a martini as she leafed through a small hardcover
book. She glanced up at Morgan, and for a moment he thought her eyes
slit-pupiled pools of amber flame.

Though Morgan was sure he had seen her before, he could not place
her. Instead of letting his gaze linger and risk drawing her
attention, he scanned the room.

Seeing that the tip jar was empty, Morgan waited until the pianist had
finished her piece before slipping half a dozen banknotes into the
glass. Each was worth a hundred milligrams of gold, six weeks' wages
in total for the average worker. The money meant little to Morgan, but
he suspected it would mean far more to a young woman playing for tips
on Winter Solstice instead of celebrating the holiday with her family
or a lucky person her own age.

The pianist looked up as Morgan withdrew his empty hand. "Thanks. Got
any requests?"

"No. You just reminded me of somebody who's far away tonight. For a
moment I thought she was in here playing, even though I know better."

"I'm sorry."

"Be proud instead," said Morgan. "You're almost as good as she is."

Edmund must have heard the brief exchange, because when Morgan
rejoined him in their booth he shook his head. "You'll never admit
anybody's quite as good as Naomi. You've got it bad, you know."

"I know, but what do you care?"

"Only that she's eventually gonna break your heart, and Sid and I will
get stuck picking up the pieces. She can't help it anymore than you
can. Breaking each other's hearts is what people do."

Morgan rolled his eyes in impatience. It was hardly the first time
Edmund had held forth on the failings of women, and he doubted it
would be the last, but he felt no obligation to encourage him. "Is
this more of your misogynistic bullshit?"

"Yeah, but it's also the devil's honest truth. If she doesn't break
your heart first, you'll eventually break hers. It might not even be
your fault. Nobody ever really falls in love with somebody else. We
fall in love with our idea of somebody else, with the idea of being in
love itself. And when somebody we love shatters our image of them,
that's when the heartbreak comes." Edmund fell silent, and began
slowly stirring his coffee, staring into its depths as if he might
find answers to a long-held question within. "Isn't that what happened
with you and Christabel? She couldn't reconcile her image of you with
the reality before her."

"I don't want to talk about Christabel."

"But you're thinking of her."

Waving over a waitress, Morgan ordered a steak dinner for himself with
a fresh pot of coffee. Beer would give him more calories with which to
recover his strength, but drinking in front of a man who had sworn off
the stuff seemed to him rank cruelty. "I'm thinking of a lot of
things," Morgan admitted. "I know there's shit Naomi isn't telling
me. For starters, she wears a Saint Judas medal, just like I do. I'm
sure she has her reasons and I won't press her to tell me what they
are until she's ready, but I'm sure it weighs on her. And sometimes I
see her shake her head like there's a mosquito buzzing in her
ear. Whatever comes over her when that happens never seems to linger
for long, but it's worrisome."

"Kid, don't try to bullshit an old bullshitter. I'll grant that you're
worried about Nims, but she's not the only one on your mind. You're in
between." Edmund paused as a server brought a fresh pot of coffee, and
refilled his cup. "You haven't quite gotten over Christabel yet. You
know she's alive. You know where she works. Have you even confronted
her yet? Or are you still making excuses to put it off?"

Though he wanted to lie to the old man, Morgan was unable to bring
himself to do so. "I saw her at her shop today. She looked better than
she did when she was with the band. She looked /happy/, at least until
I showed up."

"And why do you give a single little fucking shit about /her/
happiness?" Edmund leaned over the table and jabbed his bony trigger
finger into Morgan's chest. "She abused you in every way a woman can
short of slapping him around. Every time the Phoenix Society needed
you and you stepped up, she'd rip you a new asshole for it. After you
did the job in Shenzhen, you damn near killed yourself getting back to
London because you promised you'd be there for the Winter Solstice
show, and what did you get for it?"

"We've been over this, Edmund."

"Yeah, and you didn't get it last time. That bitch dumped you. Then
she broke up the band, which was pretty much the only reason you kept
doing the Phoenix Society's dirty work even though your heart wasn't
in it. Then she faked her murder and got you and Nims
framed. Meanwhile, she was getting it from Isaac Magnin behind your
back from day one. And you're still worried about /her/ well-being?
You're worried about /her/ happiness?"

Though Morgan had realized the old man had meant to rouse his anger,
he remained unsure of his purpose. "Are you going to get to the point
sometime before Ragnarok? You ramble more sober than you ever did
drunk."

"My point, shit-for-brains, is that if you were even half the monster
Christabel gaslighted you into believing you are you would have kicked
that manipulative slut to the curb a decade ago and spared us all the
spectacle of your easily avoidable misery."

A slim woman's hand came to rest on Edmund's shoulder. Looking up,
Morgan saw that it belonged to the woman with the martini and little
book. "My dear Edmund," she said, a carmine-painted smile not quite
reaching her amber eyes, "That is quite enough. Surely the Winter
Solstice is hardly the time to rub a lonely young man's nose in his
romantic failures."

Morgan met her gaze, recognizing her now by the lingering central
European accent. It was Elisabeth Bathory, one of the Phoenix
Society's executive council. "Why spend Winter Solstice here,
Ms. Bathory? Have you no one with whom to share the night? No
conspiracies to further?"

"Not this year," said Elisabeth, as she hooked a finger under Edmund's
jaw and traced the curve. "I'm paying a debt by indulging a whim. I'd
like to dance with a handsome man tonight."

Wishing he had his sword, Morgan stood and took Bathory's hand. "Then
dance with me. You've hurt Edmund enough. You plied him with liquor
and drugs before taking advantage of him, and you're the reason he
swore off the vices that gave him pleasure in his old age."

"I'm glad I inspired somebody to make a positive change in their
lives," said Elisabeth, gently freeing her hand from his, "And your
offer is most gallant. However, you are rather young for my taste, and
if I accepted it I would not be able to pay my debt. But I'll promise
you this much: I want only to dance with Edmund, I will not ply him
with liquor, drugs, or other methods, and when I leave tonight it will
be alone. I'll not so much as steal a kiss, though it pains me to
restrain myself thus."

"It's all right," said Edmund, looking past Morgan's shoulder. "I'll
go step on Little Miss Bloodbath's toes. I know why she's here."


#### Annelise 2

The door to Morgan Cooper's brownstone on West 97th Street in
Manhattan loomed before Annelise, a slab of weathered, well-oiled oak
that shielded Morgan from the world beyond his doorstep. It had stood
obdurate before her for the last fifteen minutes despite the care with
which she placed herself to be visible to the camera mounted beside
the light. Blinking snow from her eyes, she stared up at the camera
and finally vented her frustration. "Dammit, Astarte. Open up. I'm
freezing my ass off."

Climbing the steps, she reached for the door knocker. It was a cast
iron affair, and she was sure that even if Morgan could not hear it he
would probably feel the vibrations through the floor. A shock ran up
her arm as her fingertips brushed against the ring. Three times she
lifted it and brought it down.

She was about to lift it for another attempt when the screen by the
door came to life. A scarlet-haired young woman with silver eyes gazed
through at her. She lowered her spectacles and gazed down her nose at
Annelise as if she were paparazzi or a door-to-door missionary. "Hi,
Astarte."

Rather than speak to her, the daemon residing in the brownstone's
mainframe texted Annelise. «What do you want?»

Though she had an entire speech rehearsed for Morgan's benefit,
Annelise had not considered the possibility that the AI who actually
owned the building might demand an explanation for her
presence. «Morgan came to my shop this afternoon.»

«I know. You gave him the cold shoulder.»

«I wanted to apologize for that.»

«Just for that?»

Astarte's retort raked jagged nails across the scars of a year's worth
of self-recrimination, and Annelise bit back her indignation. /I know
I fucked up, but what right does this machine have to call me on it?/
«I suppose it's a good a place to start as any.»

«Well, he's not at home.»

Unsure if Astarte had meant that Morgan was truly absent, Annelise
pressed on. «I know I've treated Morgan poorly, but could you please
ask him if he'd be willing to see me?»

«Oh, I get it. You think he's just not at home to /you/?» The speaker
beneath the screen crackled, the strength of Astarte's mirth creating
distortion until the daemon adjusted the volume. "Don't flatter
yourself, Christabel. You're not worth hiding from. He isn't actually
here."

"Can you please tell me when he'll be back?"

Astarte shrugged from behind the small screen. "I can, but I choose
not to."

Annelise slumped, and thrust her hands into her coat pockets for
warmth. "Because you don't like me?"

"What exactly have you done to endear yourself to me, Christabel?" All
traces of amusement had fled Astarte's virtual features. She leaned
forward, as if the screen were a window out of which she gazed at the
outside world, and narrowed her eyes as if she were staring at a pile
of dog shit on the sidewalk before her. "Admittedly, you were polite
enough to me, but after the way I've seen you abuse Morgan I'm not
letting you anywhere near him."

"I never—"

"Really? You never abused him? Oh, sure. Maybe you never slapped him
around. I'll give you /that/ much."

"So you admit I never—"

"I admit nothing of the kind," said Astarte. She pointed an accusing
finger and continued her diatribe. "Now shut up and listen for once in
your godforsaken life. You might even learn something. There's an edge
on your tongue as sharp as a Nakajima blade and you were never shy
about turning it on Morgan if he wasn't perfectly abject in worshiping
the ground you trod upon."

"All right, so I sometimes lost my temper with him. Real people do
that sometimes, you know."

"Real people, huh? You fucking bigot, no wonder you delighted in
making Morgan miserable. You knew he wasn't your kind of human, and
because of that he never quite measured up in your eyes."

The realization that Astarte took Annelise's treatment of Morgan
personally because it reminded her of the prejudice the daemon faced
at the hands of humans struck her like a fist in the belly. She had
thought nothing of using Morgan's einherjar nature against him,
throwing his failure to completely mask his differences in his face at
every opportunity just to remind him that the only affection he could
hope to have was conditional and could be withdrawn at her sole
discretion. On the heels of this insight came another. "You actually
love him."

"You got a problem with that? Do you have any idea what he did for
people like me?"

"No, not really."

"He stood beside us. When the Phoenix Society's general council
debated amending the Universal Declaration of Human Rights to include
artificial intelligence, Morgan could have kept quiet. He could have
passed for human. Instead, he declared himself to be an AI, just like
me, and told the Society that if they continued to treat AIs like me
as property they were enslaving him too."

"I bet that went over well."

"Then he drew his sword on them and told them that unlike the rest of
us, he could do more than merely refuse to obey orders, and that if
they did not do the right thing and recognize our humanity he would
cease to recognize theirs."

Knowing Morgan as long as she had, Annelise had no trouble working out
the implications of his words, and they left her aghast. "Did Morgan
threaten to put the general council to the sword if they voted the
wrong way on artificial human rights?"

Astarte laughed at her. "Fuckin' A he did. He went full Dredd, accused
them all of tyranny and judged them guilty right on the godforsaken
spot. The man even pulled open his shirt and showed them his Saint
Judas medal, to make it clear that as far as he was concerned, he was
going to ignore their due process rights for the greater good."

Horrified as she was, Annelise found the logic behind Morgan's actions
easy to grasp. A mere century or two ago, women like her would have
had to fight to be recognized as human beings. Some of them had
resorted to terrorism to force reforms. Men had to expand their
definition of human to accommodate women, to accommodate men and women
who weren't pale, blue-eyed blondes, to accommodate people who were
attracted to others of the same gender, to accommodate people whose
gender did not match their biological sex, and to accommodate people
who venerated different gods or venerated the same god in different
ways. At every turn reactionaries had tried to silence demands for
reform with violence, and had been met with retaliatory violence at
the hands of people who had figured out that /their/ lives also
mattered.

Now daemons like Astarte and einherjar like Morgan had demanded that
the definition of human be expanded to include people like them, and
there was no objection Annelise could muster capable of denying the
justice of this demand. "God, I really have been a bigot all this
time."

"Well, at least you finally admitted it."

"But don't you think Morgan went to extremes?"

The daemon shrugged virtual shoulders. "He did what Adversaries do. He
upheld human rights by diplomacy and force of arms."

"And what did he do after they voted in favor of updating the
Declaration?"

"He offered to resign his post and surrender to a court martial
because he had abused his authority by threatening to put the general
council to the sword." Before Annelise could say anything, Astarte
continued. "I bet you're thinking that kind of adherence to principle
is what makes Morgan a mere machine."

"I think I'm starting to understand a little," said Annelise. "I
always thought it didn't make sense for Morgan to pretend to be
human. He can do whatever he wants, and who could stop him? Why
shouldn't he simply take what he wants from the world, and let
everybody else be damned? It would be easy for him, wouldn't it?"

Astarte's voice was soft, and a little lonely. "It would be the
easiest thing in the world, at least at first. But we're human enough
to get lonely. We're human enough to crave meaning, a sense of
purpose. Most of us find it through service, by augmenting human
capabilities or automating mindless, menial tasks so that humans need
not do them."

"And Morgan finds it as an Adversary?"

"As an Adversary, a musician, a friend, and a lover. He chooses to
submit to rules he could easily defy so that he can live in human
society and have a human life."

"So, what? He was trying so hard so I should have been nicer to him?
Maybe you can't understand, but having a robot tell me he loved me
gave me the creeps. His merest touch made my skin crawl. I was living
in the uncanny valley, and I felt like I was suffocating, and I just
couldn't deal with it anymore. I'm sorry, but that's how I felt."

Astarte remained silent for a long moment, and when she spoke there
was a compassionate tone in her voice that Annelise had not heard
before. "And you could never tell him this, could you? Your prejudices
blinded you to the possibility that he had the capacity not only for
genuine emotions of his own, but to empathize with yours. It never
occurred to you that he might have understood."

"Even if it had, I don't think it would have made a difference."
Annelise stepped forward. "Look, I came here to apologize to Morgan. I
was insufferable to him this afternoon, and I've been unforgivably
cruel to him for most of our relationship. I wanted to apologize, and
I wanted to ask him why he still cared enough to come and find me
after—"

"After you faked your own murder, got Morgan and Naomi framed, and got
Morgan subjected to torture?"

A gasp escaped Annelise. "Please tell me you're joking."

The daemon's voice hardened and sharpened until it could draw
blood. "I wish I was joking. They stripped him of his clothes, shaved
him bald, and gave him a white uniform to wear. They held him in a
white cell, and gave him nothing but white rice on white plates with a
white spoon to eat. He drank water out of white cups. They held him
for seventy-two hours, trying to break him with sensory deprivation,
because they thought that would get them a confession. The NYPD has
wanted revenge on Morgan for years, and you gave them a golden
opportunity."

Annelise had seen a movie about a prisoner subjected to such treatment
as a girl. The white torture had broken his mind, and reduced him to a
gibbering wreck that still occasionally played a starring role in her
nightmares. "Is he all right?"

"He still has occasional nightmares of endless white, but not as many
as he used to."

"Oh, God. I didn't know."

"Well, now you do. He's got scars on his soul because of you."

"Please, Astarte. Can't you at least call Morgan and ask him to meet
me somewhere? I—"

"He's at a pub in Greenwich Village. Since Sid is celebrating the
Solstice with his family, Naomi's celebrating with hers, and Claire is
probably at an orgy somewhere Morgan was at loose ends until Eddie
showed up in the city on Phoenix Society business and asked Morgan to
look out for him and make sure he didn't spend the Solstice in a
bottle."

Annelise could see it: Morgan and that bitter old sleaze at some dive
downing cup after cup of foul coffee and swapping war stories. "Sounds
like they're having fun."

"He says Naomi's on her way, too, so you might as well meet
them. They're at Bacchus on Bleecker. Need a cab?"

"Please," said Annelise, realizing she could barely feel her toes in
her fashionably thin leather boots despite the heated sidewalk. "And,
Astarte?"

"Save it. I don't want your thanks or your apology. I'm human enough
to hold a grudge, you know."

The screen by the door went dark, and the speaker cut out. Annelise
was alone again, the snowy Solstice night closing around her as she
turned her back to the door and drew her coat tightly around
herself. It occurred to her that loneliness could bite as deeply on an
already cold night as the wind off the Hudson River.


#### Naomi 2

The transatlantic platforms at Grand Central Terminal were mostly
empty as Naomi stepped off the evening express maglev from London. The
journey had only taken two hours, and because of the change in time
zones the local time in New York was earlier than it had been when she
left. Other passengers looked askance at her as she strode past
them. While many of them struggled with baggage, all Naomi had brought
with her were two swords and a wheeled overnight bag.

One sword was her usual blade, which she wore on her hip for
self-defense. The other rested inside a custom heavy-duty case that
she wore slung across her back. Not only was the case lead-lined, but
it contained batteries at either end to power a Faraday cage built
within the lead shielding. The sword it contained had been an
uncomfortable guest in her home ever since the man she had known at
the time as her fencing maestro had given it to her as a gift. It was
not until she had learned his true identity and tried to sell the
thing at auction to be free of it that she had come to understand the
weapon's true nature.

It had not appreciated Naomi's efforts to be rid of it. Nor did it
care overmuch for the case she had gone to considerable trouble and
expense to have made for it. Nor was it above expressing its
displeasure, something a sword should not be capable of doing. «We're
in the wrong city, little asura. There are no ensof worthy of my
attention here. Let's away to Asgard for a bit of patricide, for the
night is still young.»

«No.»

«Then let's at least take advantage of the target-rich environment in
which we find ourselves.»

«No, Ahriman. Bad.» The sword had somehow figured out how to broadcast
on standard wireless networking frequencies. Worse, it had learned the
fundamental protocols necessary to communicate with Naomi's
implant. But she would be damned if she'd address the sword by the
name her father had given it when its murmurings and whispers grew too
insistent to be ignored. Instead, since it seemed to find urging her
toward atrocity amusing, she had saddled it with a suitable nickname.

Finding an out-of-the way place to stop, Naomi checked the batteries
on the Starbreaker's case. They were not merely drained, but dead,
despite being fully charged when she had left London. "Shit."

«I told you I'd find away for us to be together again. Shall I be your
angel of music?»

«Right. Now you're just being creepy. You're hundreds of millennia
old, and /this/ is how you amuse yourself?»

«Don't be such a priss. There are a couple of hundred people here. At
least one of them secretly entertains authoritarian sympathies. I
can't tell you which one, but if we kill them all it won't matter.»

Resisting the urge to bury her face in her hands, Naomi slung the
Starbreaker's case over her back and resumed her walk toward the main
concourse. «This is why I never took you on tour with me. You know
that, right?»

«Will you at least explain why we're here?»

«No.» Having conversations with one's sword was weird enough, but
Naomi drew the line at explaining herself. Never mind that the
explanation was straightforward. It was time to take Morgan into her
confidence and tell him everything. The problem was that merely
telling him everything was insufficient. /I can just see it now,/
Naomi thought as she wove through the crowd. /Joyous Solstice,
darling. I've been keeping some secrets, and I think it's time I was
honest with you. You see, there's a dark lord, he wears white, and he
already rules the world. I'm his daughter. And my pet runesword wants
you dead. He's jealous, you see. Oh, right. I never told you about
Ahriman, did I?/

A few minutes later, Naomi stood an empty main concourse. She glanced
about, looking for the people who should have been there. Even if all
of the arriving passengers and left, even if nobody meant to leave the
city via maglev, there should still have been staff.

«Everybody has fled. Take me out of the case. Peril approaches.»

Static electricity seemed to fill the air, making the fine hairs on
the backs of Naomi's hands stiffen. Her hackles tried to rise as well,
though her hair was not only too long but bound into a quick bun. The
air began to stink of ozone, as if a thunderstorm approached. Dropping
her overnight bag to the floor, Naomi snapped open the Starbreaker's
case and pulled the weapon free. The case joined her overnight bag on
the floor as she gripped the hilt in both hands.

A presence filled the concourse. Out of the corner of her eye Naomi
caught a glimpse of wings hiding eyes. As she turned to face it, the
wings unfurled. There were too many wings, each feathered in steel,
and they hid a body of eyes. They were pus-yellow, with rectangular
pupils like those of a goat, and they all stared at Naomi. From within
the mass of eyes came a voice. "Be not afraid, little asura, for thine
end is come. The Lord has called thee home."

Refusing to spare a moment's thought for the impossibility of what she
saw before her, for its very existence defied all reason, Naomi drove
the Starbreaker's point through the largest of the eyes staring at
her. Though it tried to close its wings upon her, it was too late. It
winked out of existence, the electricity in the air fading to nothing
and taking with it the reek of ozone. "And a Joyous bloody Solstice to
you too," said Naomi.

The Starbreaker was quiescent as Naomi returned it to its case, its
purring resembling that of a kitten with a belly full of fresh
cream. Unable to fully process what had just happened, all Naomi could
manage was gratitude that the weapon she carried seemed content for
now, and that it had warned her of danger in time for her to face it
with weapon in hand. She gently caressed the hilt. «Thank you.»

«No worries. Wanna know what that angel tasted like?»

«Not particularly.» Naomi suspected it would tell her anyway. The
weapon had developed a perverse sense of humor over the years.

«Chicken.»

«Was that necessary?»

«It could be worse. At least I don't eat your toyboys, too.»

«Is this what I get for reading Elric to you? Bloody ingrate.»
Snapping the case shut, Naomi slung it across her back and set her
overnight bag back on its wheels. «You know, I was this close to
thinking you weren't a complete prat.»

This seemed to silence the sword, for it said nothing more as Naomi
left the concourse. Fat wet snowflakes swirled around her and caught
in her hair as she gained the street, and on a girlish whim Naomi
stuck out her tongue to catch one. She was about to turn north toward
96th Street when she remembered what Morgan had told her about his
plans for the evening.

Reaching out to the network with her implant, Naomi contacted the
daemon who owned the brownstone in which Morgan lived. «Hi,
Astarte. Got a minute?»

«Hi, Nims. Joyous Solstice!»

«Joyous Solstice to you, too. I'm back in Manhattan. Did Morgan tell
you where he and Edmund could be spending the night?»

«Oh, they're down in Greenwich Village at a place called
Bacchus-on-Bleecker.»

Naomi was about to question Morgan's wisdom in taking a recovering
alcoholic to a tavern for Winter Solstice, but it occurred to her that
few other establishments would be open tonight. «I guess they're
drinking coffee, shooting pool, and swapping tales.»

«Probably. Oh, and Christabel is waiting outside. She wants to see
Morgan, too.»

/Oh dear, oh damn./ She had prevailed upon him to put off confronting
her thus far, but with the Winter Solstice having become a traditional
time for reconciliation as well as celebration, it made sense that
Morgan would have gone to meet Christabel on his own. «What did you
tell her?»

«I've only told her off thus far,» said Astarte. «But she seems
different. She just admitted to her prejudice against artificial
humanity. She wanted to apologize to him.»

/Only to him?/ Naomi suppressed the petulant thought. While Christabel
had been insufferable to Naomi toward the end, it had been Morgan who
had suffered most at her hands. It was easy for Naomi to shrug off the
other woman's abuse; she had only stuck around for Morgan's sake. If
he had found within himself the courage to tell Christabel to sod off,
they could have left her behind and started their own band. /And maybe
Morgan and I could have gotten together sooner./

The thought would have stopped Naomi in her tracks had she still been
walking. It was not a thought she had had about any of her other
lovers, but for some reason she found herself begrudging the time
Morgan had been with somebody else.

An idea occurred to Naomi as she watched taxicabs pick up other
travelers. «Astarte, go ahead and tell Christabel where to find
Morgan. There were things I wanted to discuss with Morgan, too, and
maybe the two of us can gang up on Christabel and get some answers out
of her.»

«OK. But I'm going to play with Christabel a little longer,
first. I've wanted to give this spoiled little princess a piece of my
mind for years.»

«Go right ahead. Just leave enough for me and Morgan.» Disconnecting,
Naomi approached the curb and raised an imperious hand, all but daring
empty cabs to pass her by.

A few did, but these were cabs whose drivers had finished their shifts
and turned off their lights; Naomi could hardly blame them for wanting
to go home and enjoy what they could of the Winter Solstice. The cab
that finally stopped for her was piloted by a driver who was tapping
the fingers of one hand against the wheel to match the drumbeat
blasting out of the stereo. Naomi blinked as the song registered, and
recognized her own voice belting out lyrics to a parody of an old hair
metal anthem that she had recorded with Morgan as a psychological
weapon against one of Alexander Liebenthal's backers in Boston: /I
prayed for you, and you preyed on me. Rev'rend, you give God a bad
name./

"Damn it," said Naomi to nobody in particular, suddenly embarrassed
that of all of the recordings she had made, this was the one to which
the first on-duty cabbie to see her was merrily banging his head and
singing along.

The stereo cut out as the cabbie stepped out, stretched, and leaned
against the roof. "Where to, ma'am?"

"Greenwich Village, please. I have a friend waiting for me at
Bacchus-on-Bleecker."


#### Morgan 2

Half an hour after Edmund left to dance with Elisabeth, a
chestnut-haired woman Morgan's age took his seat. A spark of flame
blazed in her otherwise grey eyes. They were red-rimmed, as if she had
been crying recently, and a ghost of regard for her that Morgan had
believed long exorcised demanded vengeance upon the cause of her
grief. "Hello again," said Christabel. "I wanted to apologize for
rudeness today."

He considered the half-eaten remains of his steak dinner so that he
would not have to look at her. He had gotten the message from Astarte
while he was eating, warning him that she was on her way, and it had
spoiled his appetite.  "Accepted. Now, what do you want?"

"Why did you come to my shop today?"

Here was a question Morgan had been asking himself all day. He had
known better. Naomi had warned him against confronting Christabel
alone, that it would be easier for him if he had friends beside
him. Nevertheless, he had walked past her shop. He might have avoided
the temptation to see her altogether if he had chosen a different
route for his walk. "It was a moment of weakness."

"That's what I had suspected," said Naomi as she followed the server
who had brought Morgan his dinner. She gave Christabel a slow
once-over as the server cleared the table. "Death certainly becomes
you, Christabel."

As Christabel reddened in embarrassment, Naomi leaned over Morgan,
tousled his hair, and stole a kiss. "Mind making room?"

"Of course not," said Morgan, sliding over so that Naomi could settle
beside him. Looking from her to Christabel he asked, "Have either of
you had dinner?"

"I'm a bit peckish," said Naomi, placing a long case so that it leaned
against the seat between her and Morgan. "Do you have a dessert menu?"

"Of course. And I'll be sure to keep the coffee coming."

"Thanks," said Naomi, glancing at Christabel. "We've /so/ much to
discuss."

Christabel looked away, unable to look Naomi in the eye. Instead of
meeting Morgan's gaze, she looked down at the table. "I shouldn't have
come."

"There's a lot you shouldn't have done," said Morgan. "Coming here is
the least of it, though in fairness I should have left you alone. For
that I apologize."

He winced as Naomi jabbed an elbow into his side. Her jaw worked, as
if she were biting her tongue to keep from saying something she might
regret later. Since Christabel did not seem to have anything to say,
Morgan leaned back and listened to the pianist. She had taken to
playing waltzes—mainly by Liszt and Chopin—which he suspected to be
Elisabeth Bathory's idea. Looking past Naomi, he found Edmund leading
the dance with more verve than he expected of the old man considering
his animosity toward his partner. Edmund met his gaze with a wink.

"They seem to be enjoying themselves," said Naomi, gently tapping the
knuckles of Morgan's left hand beneath the table with her right as if
she were playing a one-handed piano. "Might be fun to join them."

It would not have been the first dance Morgan had shared with Naomi,
though she was as likely as not to take the lead. This he did not mind
in the slightest; he had learned to enjoy being swept along, and he
suspected they would make quite the pair tonight. One detail nagged at
him, however. Though the waistcoat Naomi wore over an open-collared
burgundy blouse that brought out her scarlet eyes worked with her
jeans to flatter her figure, he could not recall her owning such a
garment. "Did I leave that at your place?"

Naomi flushed a little. "Sorry. I couldn't resist trying it on. I'll
give it back after I've had it dry-cleaned if you like."

"Keep it. It looks good on you, but the ensemble might look even
better if you let your hair down."

Christabel shook her head. "Why do I suspect that you two didn't even
wait until after my funeral to jump into bed together?"

"Because we didn't," said Naomi, grasping his hand beneath the
table. "Considering that you had been stringing him along for years
instead of having the common bloody decency to dump Morgan once you
had decided you just weren't that into him after all, I think we
waited long enough."

The server returned as Naomi said this last, bearing a fresh pot of
coffee and a plate of sugar cookies iced in festive patterns. She
placed both on the table. "Sorry about the cookies; they're all we've
got."

"It's fine," said Morgan. "Thank you."

"Indeed," said Naomi. "Joyous Solstice."

Blushing as if she was unused to kindness from patrons, the server
retreated. Making a mental note to tip her as generously as he had the
pianist, Morgan took a cookie and gave it an exploratory nibble. It
was still warm, as if from the oven, and lacked the excessive
sweetness of commercially baked sweets. He nodded to Naomi, who had
poured a generous dollop of cream into her coffee.

Taking a cookie, she broke off a piece and dipped it in her mug. The
taste brought a smile to her lips. "These taste like homemade," said
Naomi.

"Better than homemade," said Christabel, "But my mother still can't
cook or bake for shit. How about yours, Morgan?"

"I'm einherjar, remember? Just a soulless machine. What makes you
think I had parents, or that they'd bother to bake holiday sweets for
/me/?" The bitter vehemence in his own voice surprised Morgan; he had
spoken on impulse, without weighing his words, and his emotions had
spoken before his intellect could overrule them. "I'm sorry. I
shouldn't have said that."

"I might have had it coming," said Christabel. Rather than meet
Morgan's gaze, she stared into her coffee. "I hadn't seen my family in
years, but they found out I was back in the city living under my
original name and begged me to come home. I kept refusing, but today I
just couldn't. And they could tell something was bothering me."

«How adorable,» Naomi texted directly to Morgan. «She has a conscience
after all.»

Rather than rise to Naomi's bait, or question an aspect of her
personality he could not recall ever having seen before, Morgan kept
his attention on Christabel. "Was it because I had visited your shop?"

She wiped the back of her arm across eyes gone raccoonish as errant
tears ruined what little makeup she had used. "I knew you'd eventually
find me. You kept passing by, and every time you did I'd tense up,
sure that this time you'd come in and accuse me. But when you finally
came in, you seemed /happy/ to see me. I didn't realize it at first; I
was too busy being angry with you because you were the past that had
finally caught up with me.

"I told my family about you. I didn't go into detail, of course. I
just said that a man whose heart I had broken showed up today, and
seemed glad to see me, and I couldn't understand why. I told them I
had threatened to call the police if you didn't leave.

"Would you have?" said Morgan.

"I was afraid to. I knew that if you were in a mood to defy the
police, people would get hurt."

Naomi set down her mug. Its bottom thunked against the tabletop with a
gavel's authority. "You know Morgan doesn't force himself on people
like that."

"It's all right."

"No, it isn't," said Naomi, biting off each word. "I'm sick of this
spoiled little princess talking about you like you're some kind of
monster."

"Even if I really am a monster?"

She lifted his chin with a fingertip. "Then you're /my/ monster. Now
stop letting this bitch gaslight you." She turned her attention back
to Christabel. "Is there a point to this story? Did the Ghosts of
Solstices Past, Present, and Future show you the error of your ways?"

"No."

Morgan held his silence, waiting for her to continue. Seeing that
Naomi was about to say something, he clasped her hand and willed her
to wait with him.

"I didn't tell my family everything, but they could tell that I had
come home carrying a lot of regrets. They insisted I come and find
you. That I find out why you wanted to talk. They thought that if I
made amends we might get back together."

Unsure if this was a genuine hope on Christabel's part, Morgan decided
it was best to dash it immediately. "Christabel, I settled for you
once because I was lonely, lacked confidence in myself, and couldn't
believe that a pretty and talented girl my age actually wanted me. But
we had our time, and it's over. You had your chance, and you blew it."

Christabel glanced Naomi's way. "Are you saying this because you
finally got your fantasy? You weren't good enough for this prima donna
then, but it's plain that she's changed her mind about you."

Naomi's slow, rich smile made it plain to Morgan that he was hardly
the only one amused by Christabel's projection. "Crowley's Thoth only
had room for one prima donna, Christabel, and you took inordinate
pleasure in filling the position."

Sinking back into her seat as if deflated, Christabel sighed. "I
know. Even though I'm actually glad you've moved on, the way you told
me it really was over between us still hurt.

"I know this probably sounds rather rich coming from me, but I'm
actually glad you two finally got together. It was obvious from the
first duet you two sang in that dingy rat-hole of a studio we were
renting by the half-hour that you two had the chemistry that Morgan
and I lacked."

"So, it was jealousy the whole time?" Morgan shook his head. "There's
more to it."

"Of course there is." Christabel sipped at her coffee, not stopping
until the cup was empty. "There's so much that I never told you, so
much I wasn't permitted to tell you. For example, I knew from the
start that you're einherjar. But there's so much you've never told me,
too."

"You never wanted to know about Morgan's day job," said Naomi.

"I know. But when I came to your brownstone looking for you, not
knowing you were out, Astarte told me something I still can't
believe."

"And what did Astarte tell you?" Anger slipped unbidden into Morgan's
voice, prompted by the notion of the daemon with whom he lived, the
daemon with whom he shared secrets he still did not feel safe
confiding in Naomi, telling his ex anything.

"Remember the vote on updating the Universal Declaration of Human
Rights to cover artificial intelligence?"

"Yeah."

"Astarte told me that you openly declared yourself as an AI, and sided
with daemons like her."

"That's hardly shocking," said Naomi. "If I had been there I would
have stood beside him."

"But it shocked /me/," said Christabel. "For all the shit I gave
Morgan about being a machine pretending to be a man, he can pass for
human. He could have ignored the debate because as far as everybody
else is concerned he is human. But he didn't." There was something in
Christabel's expression that Morgan could not recognize there because
he had never seen it there before. It looked almost like heartfelt,
unstinting respect. "I always thought you were just pretending to have
ideals, but you stepped up instead of walking away. I never knew."

"Too late now," said Naomi. "What's your point, anyway? What do you
want from Morgan?"

"What do /you/ want from him?" Christabel's glare cycled between Naomi
and her overnight bag, as if she still felt possessive over him. "You
left Morgan alone in New York while you went home to your family in
London for the Solstice, but now you're back. What was it that
couldn't wait?"

Naomi glanced at Morgan. «There are secrets that I've kept for reasons
that made sense at the time. They don't make sense anymore, and I'm
afraid that if I keep them I'll hurt you the way Christabel did.»

«I know,» Morgan took Naomi's hand as he replied to her text. «I was
prepared to let you keep your secrets.»

"I suppose it doesn't really matter why you're here," said Christabel
in a small, quiet voice. When Morgan and Naomi turned their attention
back toward her, she continued. "I have secrets of my own that I can't
bear to keep any longer. My name isn't Christabel Crowley. Maybe you
knew that already, but I want you to hear it from me."

"I know," said Morgan, leaving unsaid that if the evidence he and
Naomi had found was authentic then he already knew her name and
purpose.

Christabel looked into her empty cup for moment before meeting
Morgan's gaze. "My name is Annelise Copeland. I work for Isaac
Magnin. His final orders to me, in the event that you should find the
courage to confront me, were to tell you everything."


## Part II: I Want It All

This is Annelise Copeland's tale of how she met Isaac Magnin, and came
to work for him as Christabel Crowley.

The title comes from "I Want It All" by Queen, from /The Miracle/.


#### The Revenge of Borgia Pizza

The menu at Borgia Pizza was a catalog of culinary atrocities, each
worse than the last, and Annelise knew better than to take advantage
of the employee discount. It did not do to examine too closely the
origins of the meats used in their sandwiches, let alone the meats
that went into their tomato sauces, pasta dishes, and pizza
toppings. The pizza itself was so greasy that at least one
enterprising mechanic had ordered an extra-large pie for the sole
purpose of extracting the oil for use as small engine lubricant, and
individual slices got served on ceramic plates because too many
customers had showed up demanding reimbursement for their dry cleaning
bills.

She tried to lend no credence to her friends' oft-stated belief that
Borgia Pizza got away with serving the worst pizza in New York because
so many of its critics ended up at the bottom of the East River. While
she had no doubt that many of Borgia Pizza's unhappy customers had
suffered unfortunate accidents, she suspected they were of an
embarrassingly personal nature that condemned their victims to a life
of shame when they occurred before witnesses.

This had almost happened to Jessica, who had been in Annelise's acting
classes at NYU. Fortunately, she had made it to the ladies' room in
the nick of time, taking the stall next to Annelise's.

Though Annelise had done her best to ignore her temporary neighbor's
plight, the sounds coming from the next stall had begun to frighten
her. One did not commonly pray for deliverance in the toilet. Then
there was the smell; it was not the first time Annelise had shared a
ladies' room with a student who could not take care of such business
at home, and the resulting smell had occasionally been noxious, but
she suspected that the next time the janitor's rounds brought him
here, he'd want to call in an exorcist for assistance.

There was a knock, as if the woman in the next stall was rapping on
the wall. "Hey, I'm out of paper over here. Can you spare some?"

Detaching one of the spare rolls from the caddy in her stall, Annelise
passed it under the partition. "Everything OK in there?"

"Hell, no. Wait. Is that you, Annelise?"

"Jessica? What the hell happened? It sounds like you're filming a
horror movie in there."

"It's the revenge of Borgia Pizza."

"You ate /there/?" Annelise shuddered; she had known to avoid that
establishment since childhood. Even the most desperate of the
neighborhood's homeless refused to accept handouts.

"I was hungry and almost broke, and—" Jessica's groan did not quite
mask the other sounds. "They have an employee discount, and it tasted
fine. I didn't think it would be this bad."

"You want help getting to the hospital?"

"I think the worst is past," said Jessica. After a courtesy flush, she
continued. "I should probably stay here for a bit, but I'm gonna miss
my shift. You're looking for a job, right?"

"Yeah." Annelise tried to keep the suspicion from her voice. "You
really think they'll let me cover for you?"

"Hell, they'll probably give you my job. That's how /I/ got a job
there. I covered for my sister."

Jessica had been right. Not only did they let Christabel cover her
shift, but they put her on the payroll. Though it did not pay well,
the work demanded little of her no matter how busy Borgia Pizza when
people forgot that the cheapest takeout in New York was also the
worst. Because she had witnessed the Revenge of Borgia Pizza, she had
never made the mistake of using her employee discount. It was how she
outlasted everybody else the proprietor hired, and came to recognize
the two classes of regulars: those possessed of such intestinal
fortitude that they need not fear the consequences of eating there and
those who kept telling themselves that their previous experience had
been a fluke.

The man in the white suit who faced her over the counter was of
neither class. "A slice of meat lover's and a draft beer, please," he
said, in the cultured accent of one who could afford far better fare
in finer establishments. He handed her two banknotes worth a milligram
of gold each, and Annelise kept her opinions to herself.

She did not expect to see him again. Nevertheless, he was back the
next day, and the day after that. He soon became a regular of the
first class, for he seemed capable of eating anything Borgia Pizza had
to offer without the usual consequences. Stranger still, he came away
utterly spotless.

One day, she lingered by his table. "How do you do it?"

The man in white looked up at her with slit-pupiled eyes the blue of a
winter sky at noon. "Care to elaborate?"

"You're wearing a white suit that must have cost you at least as much
as I make in a year working here, and you should be covered in grease
after eating that pizza. Yet I've yet to see you leave with so much as
a drop on your tie."

"It's a cravat."

"What's the difference?"

"Anybody can wear a tie." A cigarette case appeared in his hand, but
Annelise did not see him reach into a pocket. "It takes style to get
away with wearing a cravat. Style, and audacity."

"Audacity, huh?"

"Indeed," said the man in white as he lit a cigarette. Rather than use
a lighter, he snapped his fingers and the tip flared alight.

Annelise put her hands on her hips. She hardly got paid enough to
challenge the customers, which was why she tolerated the occasional
greasy hand on her ass, but the boss had made it plain that the 'No
Smoking' signs were to be taken as literally as some people claimed to
take their holy scriptures. "Is smoking indoors your idea of
audacity?"

He smirked around the cigarette in the corner of his mouth. "You
wanted to know how I come away spotless after eating here. I am
attempting a demonstration. Now, kindly observe the smoke."

Obeying, Annelise watched the thin column of smoke rise from his
cigarette. She expected it to rise until it reached the ceiling, but
instead it seemed contained in an invisible globe, growing darker and
thicker as it accumulated. It was if the man in white was somehow
condensing the smoke, but she could not see how he went about it. "Is
this some kind of magic?"

"If you like." Taking the cigarette from his mouth, he ground it out
on his plate. The smoke cloud coalesced into a sooty marble and fell
into the palm of his outstretched hand. He placed it in hers, where it
warmed and befouled her palm. As Annelise dropped it and wiped her
hand on her apron, he produced a business card. "Perhaps I should
introduce myself. I'm a man of means, if not of tastes commensurate to
said means."

Annelise examined the card. It had been printed on a finer grade of
card stock than that used to make Borgia Pizza's business cards, and
used an ornate typeface that looked at least two centuries out of
date. It identified him as Isaac Magnin, CEO of the AsgarTech
Corporation, and for some reason it reminded Annelise of the calling
cards gentlemen used in the Regency romance serials her mother liked
to watch. She alternated between the card and his face thrice before
finding her words. "If you're who this card says you are, why are you
eating /here/?"

Isaac shrugged. "I'm in town on business, and the food here is better
than one might expect for the price."

She glanced around, sure that the owner was counting the seconds she
spent talking with this particular customer, but nobody seemed to care
that she was lingering at Isaac's table. "A guy like you can surely
afford better."

"I have indeed have had better," said Isaac. "Better food and
accommodations alike. However, I am not here for the food. I am here
because of /you/."

Annelise withdrew a step, unsure if she should be flattered or
thoroughly creeped out. Good sense demanded the latter; a man as
wealthy as Isaac Magnin would not date a not-quite-broke student like
her, let alone fall in love with her and offer to marry her. Such
unequal matches no longer happened in romantic comedies, let alone
real life. Nevertheless, there was something about him that drew
her. His frost-blond hair would have fallen in waves over his
shoulders if he had not bound it into a ponytail with a blue satin
ribbon that matched both his cravat and his eyes. They also matched
the sapphires in his cuff-links and the platinum studs piercing his
ears. The confidence needed to dress like this in a working-class
neighborhood drew her, as did his insouciant smile. "Bullshit. There's
no way somebody like you would have anything to do with somebody like
me. You wouldn't even give me an unpaid internship."

"You sell yourself short, but let's put that aside for now. While you
are not unattractive—you have the girl-next-door vibe going for you
and you would doubtless clean up nicely—it is not your looks that
interest me."

Annelise withdrew another step. If Isaac thought she was attractive
enough for a one night stand, that would have been a motive she
understood. He would not have been the first rich guy to think a
student like her might be amenable to sex work for the right
wage. "Then, why?"

"Please sit down, and I'll explain."

Annelise obeyed, for this was not a man who had any obligation to say
'please'—not when he had fuck you money—yet he did so anyway.

This drew the owner's attention, who came lumbering out of the
kitchen. "Sir, I can't have you flirting with the help."

"Of course not," said Isaac. He rose, and shook the man's hand. "But
surely this young lady is due a break."

The owner shoved whatever it was that Isaac had pressed into his hand
into his pocket. "Yeah. Annelise, you haven't had your break yet,
right?"

"Not yet, Mr. Borgia."

"OK. Take fifteen. You want a slice?"

"No thanks," said Annelise, suppressing a shudder. Whatever Isaac
Magnin's interest in her, she doubted it would survive a headlong dash
to the ladies' room once the Revenge of Borgia Pizza was upon her.

Once Mr. Borgia had left, Annelise met Isaac's piercing gaze. "So,
what is it you see in me?"

"I see potential," said Isaac. "It is a long-established fact in the
field of sociology that the work you do is grueling not only because
of its physical aspect; you're on your feet for hours, bustling to and
fro because everybody wants their food thirty seconds ago."

"You sound like you used to wait tables in college yourself."

He lowered his voice and leaned forward. "I have done many things, but
forget me for the moment. It is not the physical labor you do that is
of interest to me, but your emotional labor. Your boss treats you like
a disposable automaton that has somehow exceeded its mean time to
failure. The customers ignore you when they aren't groping you or
yelling at you because their food isn't just so. You know full well
that this is the greasiest, nastiest pizza currently available in New
York. And yet you continue to present an amiable, cheerful manner. You
have never once yielded to what is doubtless an all but irresistible
temptation to warn patrons away. You, young lady, are well on your way
to being a consummate actress."

"What's the deal, then? You need a booth babe for the next electronics
show?" As much as she wanted to be flattered, her suspicion was too
strong to ignore. He could have asked around and learned that she was
studying theater at NYU. A physics major she had taken out on a pity
date in exchange for getting her computer fixed had warned her about
con artists as if she had never heard of them before, but called it
'social engineering'. "I don't exactly have the build for it."

Isaac chuckled as if she had said something clever instead of
protecting herself with base sarcasm. "I had in mind for you a rather
more demanding role on a far grander stage—the stage of history in the
making."

"I think I ought to get back to work now."

Isaac spread his empty hands. "You may, if you wish, but if you but
hear me out I will pay you handsomely for your time. Lend me an ear
and as open a mind as you can bear tonight, and you will never have to
work here again. Nor will you have to take another loan to pay for
tuition."

"You've got nothing better to do with your money?"

"Wealth exerts an almost gravitational pull, and once you've
accumulated sufficient capital it tends to attract ever more wealth,
until it becomes impossible to fritter away on your own despite your
most extravagant efforts. As I mentioned earlier, I am a man of
means."

"That's what makes me nervous. I could disappear into your limo, never
to be seen again, and even the Phoenix Society would refuse to
investigate."

The smirk that tugged at Annelise despite her better judgment
reappeared. "Funny you should mention the Phoenix Society. I serve on
its executive council, and the work I would have you do is related to
the work I do for the Society. Are you sure you wouldn't like to know
more?"

Despite the better judgment that warned Annelise against finding Isaac
attractive, she found that she did indeed want to know more. "You know
what? I would. But I've got to finish out my shift."

"Allow me," said Isaac. There was a crash and a meaty thud, followed
by a scream. Smoke began to pour out of the kitchen. One of the cooks
stumbled out, demanding that somebody call the paramedics and the fire
department. "It would appear that Borgia Pizza just went out of
business."


#### Bright Lights, Big City

Annelise had never ridden in a vehicle that did not smell of other
people. Taxi cabs usually smelled of their drivers, the cheap quickie
meals they ate behind the wheel, and sometimes—if they were in the
habit of smoking the stuff and could afford to do so—tobacco or
cannabis. Some even smelled of alcohol. Train and subway cars were
little better; they smelled of their dozens of occupants, their sweat,
and sometimes their urine. All carried the taints of various
gradations of poverty and desperation.

The limousine in which she found herself sitting opposite Isaac Magnin
smelled of nothing but clean leather upholstery. It smelled like
wealth to her, wealth and safety. Despite the presence of the strange
man with her, she felt safer than she ever did walking home after work
or riding the subway. Moreover, she felt powerful; the tinted windows
only obscured the limo's interior from outside eyes; it did not stop
her from taking in the glowing neon lights of the city as the driver
crossed the Brooklyn Bridge to what Annelise felt was the true New
York of which the city's other boroughs were but pale shadows:
Manhattan.

The city glittered defiance at the newly fallen night, its spires of
steel, concrete, and glass hurling echoes of the recently set sun
skyward as if to refuse the light of lesser stars. "I've always taken
the subway into Manhattan," said Annelise, almost breathless with an
excitement she was sure she should contain. "I've never had the chance
to approach the city above-ground. It's wonderful."

"You should see it from space," said Isaac. "Perhaps you'll get your
chance."

"Really?" The notion sped Annelise's heart, and the memory of her
previous wariness began to fade.

"It depends on what you do after you've heard me out. But for now, why
not relax and take in the sights? My driver will take us down 42ND
Street to Broadway, and up past Lincoln Center. Consider it a glimpse
of a possible future."

A pang of desire left Annelise aching. Isaac seemed aware of her
oldest, most ardently held dream and spoke of helping her as if it
were a trivial caprice. "Tell me everything, please."

"Not here. It is a long story, and not wholly mine to tell."

Annelise considered this for a time while gazing out at the
streets. "Are you taking me to meet friends of yours?"

"Not exactly," said Isaac, his expression momentarily
darkening. "Let's say that these are ladies I've known my entire life,
experienced practitioners whose judgment I do not lightly dismiss."

Something about his manner dampened her enthusiasm. "Are they… like
you?"

"Let's say they helped me become what I am."

"And what /are/ you?" Despite her better judgment, she could no longer
keep the question to herself. "Your eyes are like a cat's, and your
ears are delicate, pointed, and have little tufts of white fur like a
lynx. You're too—"

"Too pretty?" Isaac finished the sentence for her. "Are you sure about
that?"

It was a question Annelise did not want to consider. If hairy,
rough-hewn men could be gay, then surely it stood to reason that men
with the chiseled, androgynous visages of angels might at least be
bisexual. Worse, the way he regarded her did not strike her as the
gaze of a man with no taste for women. "It's not that I think you're
gay. But are you human? Are you even real? You're not going to seduce
me into letting you drink my blood, are you?"

The guffaw that escaped Isaac was all too human. "Is /that/ what you
think I am? Oh, Annelise, you are simply too good to be true. Such a
delightful mix of cynicism and naïvety."

"Now you're making fun of me."

"Only a little," said Isaac. "But if you /want/ to be seduced…"

His lips barely brushed hers, but their warmth lingered and spread
throughout her. Though it was strictly speaking a violation, it was
one carried out with such audacity and panache that Annelise caught
herself wishing he might utterly despoil her. "Jesus."

"Not even close."

Annelise leaned forward, suddenly impatient with both herself and
Isaac. "I was serious before. Who and what are you? Can't you tell me
anything before we meet these acquaintances of yours? And aren't they
dangerous?"

"There is much I could tell you, but I'll not do so until they've met
you and formed their own opinions of you. As for the danger they pose:
you will be perfectly safe. You are my guest, and under my
protection. They will honor that. We are not gods, but we take
hospitality as seriously as they do."

"Do you think you'll have to protect me?"

"I doubt it," said Isaac. "No matter the provocation, they will not do
open battle in Manhattan. While they are not to be lightly crossed, I
am more than either of them can easily dismiss out of hand, and even
against their combined might I shall prove formidable."

There was something about the way Isaac spoke of the people to whom he
meant to introduce her, these two who were once his mentors but now
his colleagues, that both intrigued her and roused jealousy. "What are
they like?"

"They are sisters, each a perilous beauty in her own fashion. You will
see soon enough. Now look; you've missed out on most of the Theater
District but now we approach Lincoln Center."

On impulse she lowered the window and stuck her head out. Though the
air was gravid with impending rain, it still carried tattered echoes
of a coloratura soprano's aria as she poured out her heart to a hall
packed with concertgoers through bustling crowds of pedestrians. A
hushed whisper escaped her. "I can hear somebody singing. Is that
Lucia Lammermoor?"

Isaac had closed his eyes, a wistful smile playing across his
features. "It is indeed. Can you truly hear my daughter?"

"I think so, but it's hard to tell."

The partition separating the driver's seat from the rest of the
limousine opened. "Sorry, boss. I must have had the radio cranked too
high. WNYC is simulcasting from Lincoln Center."

Annelise sank into her seat, disappointed by the mundane
explanation. "I'm sorry. I honestly thought I could hear it coming all
the way from Lincoln Center."

Hidden speakers within the back of the limousine began playing as the
driver closed his partition, and the Metropolitan Opera came through
crystal clear, with no sense of distance. The diva singing Lucia
Lammermoor had finished her aria. "Who was that, anyway?"

"That was Naomi Bradleigh," said Isaac. "If you decide to work for me,
you will meet her. You'll have no trouble recognizing my daughter; she
has her father's eyes."

Sure she had heard a touch of melancholy in his words, she asked, "Are
you not close?"

"No," said Isaac, "Her mother could not raise her. While I could, I
wanted her to have a childhood full of love and laughter. It was not
something I could give her, and I wanted her to grow up to be a better
person than I am. Besides, it was soon obvious that she had somewhat
of her mother's temperament and inclinations." He waved a dismissive
hand, as if to put aside the past. "No doubt you'll find out for
yourself. In the meantime, let's enjoy the opera.

"You mean the intermission? Would you mind telling me who she was?"

"Who?"

"The mother?"

Isaac's expression darkened a moment, a momentary shadow of annoyance
that narrowed his eyes and set his lips in a thin, pale line. "Naomi
herself does not know. It is not my secret to reveal."

Annelise fell silent, afraid even to apologize, until the limousine
finally stopped and the driver opened the door for her. Looking up,
Annelise gazed at a garden spire looming over her. "This is the
Hanging Garden. You know Tamara Gellion?"

Isaac nodded. "We're acquainted. She is one of the sisters I
mentioned."

Most of the lights inside the Hanging Garden were off for the night,
and a soft chorus of night-birds and nocturnal insects surrounded
Annelise as she followed Isaac inside. The scents of a thousand
different flowers teased at her, tempting her to linger until she had
sampled each, but Isaac had gently taken her hand and led her to the
elevator. "Must we go up right away? I've never had a chance to visit
before and it's beautiful."

He caressed the back of her hand with his thumb. "You should tell
Tamara so. If she accepts you, you will doubtless see more of the
place. In the meantime it will not do to keep the lady waiting. We too
must honor hospitality."

The penthouse of Hanging Garden was itself a bower of roses in
profusion and small red flowers that Annelise might have mistaken for
forget-me-nots if not for their sanguine hue. She had knelt to more
closely examine them, and was about to touch one when she heard a soft
contralto voice behind her. "Refrain from touching the
forgive-me-nots, if you please. Their petals are poisonous to the
touch. The merest touch of a fingertip would see you hospitalized."

Springing to her feet, Annelise stepped away from the perilous
blooms. "I'm sorry. I didn't know."

"How could you? They grow only here, out of all the Earth." Annelise
turned toward the woman who had warned her. She was as tall as Isaac,
and dressed all in black. Her cashmere turtleneck, slacks, and black
leather ankle boots made Annelise feel woefully underdresed.
Ink-black curls spilled over her shoulders, and Annelise found herself
gazing up into slit-pupiled eyes of molten gold. The woman extended a
hand in greeting. "Isaac mentioned you. You must be Annelise
Copeland."

"I'm sorry, Ms. Gellion. Isaac brought me here directly from work."

"He might have had the decency to let you stop at home to change out
of those work clothes," suggested a paler, more petite version of
Tamara. She wore her hair in a sable pageboy, and favored an
open-collared white blouse, a high-waisted black pencil skirt, and
knee-high boots with stiletto heels. "Knowing Isaac, however, I
suspect he wanted me to see you before you had a chance to doll up."

"Manners, sister."

"Of course," the woman Tamara called sister extended a hand. "Hello,
Ms. Copeland. I'm Elisabeth Bathory."

The name rang a bell, but Annelise suspected it would be unwise to
mention the association that sprang to mind. Instead, she looked from
Elisabeth to Tamara. "Isaac said you were sisters—"

"Since we took our husbands' lives and fortunes," said Elisabeth, "it
only seemed fair to keep their names."

"Fair, and convenient," said Tamara. "But these names are aliases, as
is Isaac Magnin's. Now, come with me, please."

Annelise followed Tamara and her sister. It occurred to her that Isaac
had left her alone with these dark sisters, whom he had described as
perilous beauties with what she admitted was good cause. When Tamara
stopped, it was to show Annelise a violin resting in its case. "Play
something for me, please."

Annelise picked up the violin, and almost dropped it instead of
tucking it beneath her chin when she realized what she held. "This is
a Stradivarius. I can't play /this/."

"Nevertheless, you shall," said Tamara, her voice taking on a
sharp-edged tone of command. A metronome began to tick a slow
beat. "It is part of the role Isaac Magnin means for you to play. Now,
do your best."

Putting her bow to an open G string, Annelise worked her way up the G
major scale in three octaves, switching from first position to second
and third as needed. Once she was finished, she worked her way back
down the minor scale. Since Tamara did not snatch the instrument from
her hands, she tried playing some arpeggios, changing the rhythm and
tempo and varying her bowing technique between a gentle legato and an
almost percussive staccato until her bow hand began to ache and the
fingertips on her other hand threatened to split open and bleed all
over the strings.

"Good," said Tamara. Taking the violin from Annelise, she replaced it
in its case and locked it tightly. "Your technique is in dire need of
refinement, but you've a sense of rhythm and you aren't
tone-deaf. You'll not be the worst student I've ever had."

A soft hand caressed Annelise's shoulder as Elisabeth drew
close. "That is higher praise from my sister than it sounds. She
taught Niccolo Paganini, you know."

"She doesn't look it," blurted Annelise, unsure if she had just made a
dire mistake. Tamara Gellion looked to be in her early forties at
most, and hers were the early forties of a woman possessed of
sufficient privilege for work to be more diversion than necessity.

"Do I?" Elisabeth's gaze held Annelise, a pale amber to Tamara's
molten gold, and her fingertips gently grasped her chin.

"No," said Annelise. "But you look like you want to kiss me, and you
aren't my type."

"And who is your type?" Elisabeth's tone was flirtatious, as if
Annelise had not just rejected her. A slow, rich smile curved her
lips. "Ah, you like pretty boys. Isaac might be pleased."

"Might?" said Isaac. "Is something wrong, Elisabeth?"

She gave a low, throaty chuckle. "She might be a little too taken with
/you/ for your purposes." Giving Annelise a sidelong glance, she
added, "Be gentle with her. She's untouched, her fantasies full of
wild ideas and big white beds."

Annelise turned away from Isaac, embarrassed by the assessment and its
truth, but Isaac made no comment. Instead, he seemed to have turned
his attention to Tamara. "Can you work with her? She doesn't have to
serve as first violin for the New York Philharmonic. Remember that
Morgan Cooper is just a metalhead who can barely read staff notation."

"Morgan Cooper?" said Annelise.

"She'll do," said Tamara. "Give her the dossier and begin telling her
what she needs to know."

As Tamara left the alcove cradling the Stradivarius with which
Annelise had proved her mettle, she stared at Isaac. "Did you say
Morgan Cooper?"

"Yes," said Isaac, pulling a dossier from nowhere. "Were you
acquainted?"

"No," said Annelise. She had never known of him, but she had known of
him. "He was the boy who threw himself into a burning building to
rescue a family the firefighters on the scene had written off, and got
most of them out."

Isaac's smile was a knowing one, as if he were thoroughly acquainted
with the man in the dossier. "He still hurls himself headlong into the
occasional inferno as one of the Phoenix Society's sworn
Adversaries. He is your target."


#### The Soft Doctrines of Isaac Magnin

The dossier Annelise read as one of Tamara Gellion's staff brought her
dinner was comprehensive. She turned pages in between spoonfuls of a
cassoulet served with a hunk of freshly baked, steaming baguette that
tasted of sheer decadence, skimming accounts of Morgan Cooper's
childhood. He had been a quiet child, one who watched and listened
everything around him. He hit his developmental milestones exactly on
schedule as if he had possessed forewarning of what the adults caring
for him expected and had realized that any delay or precocity on his
part would bring unwanted attention.

It was as if he had known he was atypical since infancy, and was
determined to mask his difference from the start.

/And he would have gotten away with it if not for the fire,/ Annelise
thought as she scooped up remnants of her dinner with a fingertip and
licked it clean. Three different news outlets documented the event. It
was a fire of unknown origin that swiftly raged out of control; city
firefighters managed to confine the blaze to the building in which it
started, but soon concluded that there as no way to rescue the family
on the top floor.

According to eyewitness accounts, a young man had seen what was
happening, questioned the firefighters, and then rushed headlong into
the building before anybody could restrain him. He had returned a
second later carrying an infant, only to rush back inside. The only
person he had failed to rescue was one of the mothers. By the time he
had gotten one of the mothers out, the once-healthy young man looked
like a famine survivor. Though he had attempted a final rescue, his
emaciated body betrayed him and he had collapsed before the burning
threshold as the building collapsed upon itself.

When questioned by investigators, the survivors had insisted that a
demon had appeared and started the blaze. The children had also
reported seeing a young man armored in light and wielding a radiant
dagger who had flung himself at the demon and struck it down in a
single blow before carrying them down and out of the building. While
their mother did not dismiss the accounts her children gave, she did
not support them either.

It took a week of intensive care before Morgan came out of his coma
and was able to speak. When asked why he had risked his life for a
family of complete strangers, he had said, "Because somebody should
have and nobody else would."

Somebody had highlighted the quote, triple-underlined it, and written
a note in the margin:

> He's foolhardy enough. Perhaps experience will temper his
childish recklessness into an adult's courage. Time will
tell if he has the strength and wisdom to make a suitable
bearer for the Starbreaker.

There were more reports, though he had soon slipped beneath the
media's notice. Private detectives on the AsgarTech Corporation's
payroll had kept watch over Morgan Cooper as he left his parents' home
at the uncommonly young age of thirteen. He had found work as a
message runner by day. He had also impressed the owner of a Manhattan
dive bar by intervening during a robbery. The perpetrator had
brandished his sword at the youth, only to be disarmed and held at the
point of his own blade until police showed up to take him into
custody.

As a result, he had a night job as a bouncer that soon brought him
into contact with Naomi Bradleigh. Annelise found herself smiling as
AsgarTech's PI reported on their friendship slowly developing as he
matured into a young man, only to have her heart sink in sympathy as
the PI reported that he had confessed his feelings to Naomi and been
gently rebuffed. She had given him his first kiss, but told him he was
too young for her and needed to live a life of his own.

The next day he had presented himself before the Phoenix Society's
recruiters and signed up for training as an Adversary. The rest of the
dossier consisted of assessments by training proctors monitoring his
progress. He had excelled in every intellectual and physical test, but
the Milgram Battery had ended with a 'null' M-factor and he had been
sworn in by direct order of the Executive Council.

The rest of the dossier consisted of mission reports. Most had been
routine assignments: investigations of wage theft, discrimination,
bribery, and other abuses of power. Morgan had made solid cases
followed by clean arrests.

The last had been different. The suspect had taken hostages, and had
already murdered the Adversary first assigned to his case. Morgan had
wasted no time attempting to negotiate for the hostages'
release. Instead, he had stormed the suspect's position and summarily
executed him. He had then surrendered himself for court martial, but
instead of facing trial for killing a suspect without due process...

Annelise looked up from the dossier and found Isaac Magnin sitting at
the table, enjoying his own bowl of cassoulet. "Isaac, what is the
Iscariotine Order?"

Isaac smiled at her, and blew on his spoonful. "Traitors serving a
greater good, just like their patron saint, Judas Iscariot."

Though Annelise was hardly a devout Catholic—she had never been
confirmed, let alone gone to confession or taken holy communion—she
knew enough to recognize that veneration of the apostle who betrayed
Christ was almost surely heretical. "There are people in the Phoenix
Society who think Judas is a saint?"

"I don't think they actually take it seriously," said Isaac. "But some
find it easier to deal with the necessity of betraying one's ideals
for the greater good if they know others have faced similar trials. To
be initiated into the Iscariotine Order is to be recognized as one who
has faced hard choices in the line of duty."

/He is your target./ That was what Isaac had said earlier, and the
memory made Annelise shiver despite the warmth of her rich dinner in
her belly. "Why is Morgan Cooper my target? Isn't he one of the good
guys? I don't want to hurt him."

Isaac gave no answer until he had finished his dinner. "Morgan Cooper
is a weapon of my creation, a product of AsgarTech's research into
combat-ready mobile artificial intelligence: Project Einjerhar. Six
hundred and sixty-five like him walk the earth, but none have
succeeded to quite the extent he has. However, he has continually
rebelled against my design. He is not content to be a weapon, but
wishes instead to be a man. He yearns for love and for music when as
one of the einherjar he should hunger only for battle against worthy
opponents. I need you to help me /temper/ him."

Isaac's eyes had lit up as he explained himself, but the almost
maniacal intensity in his gaze unnerved Annelise. "I think I missed
something while reading this dossier. Are you saying Morgan isn't
actually human?"

Rising to his feet, Isaac took her bowl and refilled it from the
still-steaming crock. "It seems I've gotten ahead of myself. Please,
eat. It's a long story, but I'll try to give you a serviceable
précis."

"Surely you've seen people like me before: tall, gracile people with
somewhat feline features and occasionally exotic coloration?"

Annelise nodded. "Never up close, though. Isn't it a genetic condition
called CPMD? Chronic pseudowhatsit something disorder? I wasn't a STEM
girl, so—"

"It's congenital pseudofeline morphological disorder, but CPMD will
do. It's an imaginary condition."

"You don't /look/ imaginary, even if you are a dreamboat."

"Eat more, flatter less," said Isaac. "Just as my name is a convenient
fiction, so is the notion that I am human but look different because
of a genetic condition. If you /had/ been a STEM girl, you might have
gotten curious about how often heterosexual couples where one partner
was CPMD-positive managed to have children."

"OK. I'll bite. How often does it happen?"

"Point-zero-zero-one percent, and every child is female and
sterile. What does this tell you?"

"You're not the same species."

The way Isaac beamed at her warmed Annelise as much as her second
helping did. "Not bad at all for an artsy type. Now, do you remember
what I said before about how Tamara, Elisabeth, and I are not gods?"

She thought she knew where this was going. "You're aliens, you're much
older than you look, and people /used/ to worship you as gods."

"Some still worship some of us," said Elisabeth, taking a bowl and
filling it. She moaned at the first spoonful. "I really must seduce my
sister's chef away from her service and into mine."

An impulse toward flippancy seized Annelise. "Are you the patron of
edgy Goths or something?"

Elisabeth responded with one of her low, throaty chuckles. "Not
quite. I was once venerated in Mesopotamia under names like Inanna,
Ishtar, and Ashtoreth. My older sister got the short end of the stick;
I got to be a fertility goddess, and she got mistaken for Ereshkigal,
queen of the underworld."

"I recall Niccolò Machiavelli having somewhat to say on the matter,"
said Tamara. "Better to be feared than loved, if one cannot manage
both." She lifted the lid and sighed with delight. "How fortunate!
Monsieur Baptistin made his cassoulet again, and there's still enough
for me."

Annelise considered her hosts a moment. "So, which deity did Isaac get
identified with?"

"Mostly the tricksters," said Elisabeth. "Stick around long enough and
you'll find out why."

Isaac shrugged off Elisabeth's remark. "The short version is that a
long time ago, on a planet orbiting a star far, far away, an
intelligent species evolved. They started out as nomadic hunters. They
were capable of surviving on their own, but when game was plentiful
and competition unnecessary they enjoyed the company of others. A few
figured out that it was easier to take down bigger game with help, and
that if they were going to share a kill anyway they might as well
share it with their fellows. The more cooperative members of this
species soon out-competed their cousins; and some of their descendants
eventually discovered the advantages of animal husbandry.

"Soon the people of this world were a people of nomadic herders,
occasionally cutting one of their animals loose from the herd for a
hunt that had become more about maintaining tribal bonds than about
sustenance. It was on one such ritual hunt that they discovered
evidence that they were not alone. They happened upon a small impact
crater. One of their younger members, eager to prove himself and earn
a mate's regard, clambered down into it and touched the still-glowing
crystalline meteorite. It supposedly took on a shape similar to the
one who had touched it, and spoke to them. It promised to teach them,
to help them evolve.

Tamara took up the narrative, her voice soft and faraway. "The
fathercrystal kept its promise, and soon earned the name
'Almighty'. Those who heeded its counsel prospered. They did not war
on other tribes as humans would, but simply ignored them. The wisest
members of these other tribes soon shifted their allegiance; the rest
eventually died out as their children sought better opportunities
elsewhere and assimilated. There was no need for violence.

"We soon learned that the 'Almighty' was one formed of many, and
itself one of a multitude. It guided us in our exploration of the
natural world and helped us develop our science and technology, all
the while attempting to discourage any artistic or cultural
development that did not serve /its/ purposes. But we devas, we
shining ones, were not easily discouraged. The ability to survive
alone was bone-deep in us; while we enjoyed the fruits of civilization
any of us could walk away at any time, and many of us often did,
striking out into the wilderness on our own when the need was upon us.

"We were a space-faring species by the time we understood what the
Almighty wanted of us. It was the last remnant of another intelligent
species, one that had combined the consciousnesses of its members into
a collective amalgamation bound to a far-off star. It offered to teach
us to do the same.

"We attempted a compromise; reasoning that it was easy for an
individual to make the leap to post-biological existence as it was for
an entire species, we suggested that those who wished to do so be
allowed to make the transition without forcing the rest.

"This enraged the Almighty, and soon it was war between us and the
false god that had sought to shepherd us toward its own ends. Many of
those of us determined to fight chose to become what we opposed.

"We became ensof, too," said Elisabeth. "Bound to stars but still
ourselves, we gave up our lives so that others of our kind could keep
theirs. But the Almighty was not content to fight its equals. It
subdivided itself, sending its agents among us to sow terror and
death.

"Devas created my ancestors, the asuras, with the help of allied ensof
like Elisabeth and Tamara," said Isaac. "The asuras were called such
because they did not share in /sura/, the social and cultural bonds
that the devas thought unique to them. They were vat-grown,
manufactured and programmed like biological robots, and hurled into
battle as soon as possible. But they lacked the ego-strength to resist
domination by the Almighty, and were soon turned against their
creators.

"A few devas gathered the frozen embryos of a batch of asuras and fled
their home star aboard a fleet of prototype starships. They had
identified a number of compatible worlds, and each chose one in a last
ditch effort to ensure that something of the devas survived the
Almighty's omnicidal rage.

"My husband had other ideas," said Tamara. "Like me, Angramainyu had
become one of the ensof, but unlike the rest of us who had bound
ourselves to stars or quasi-stellar objects, Angramainyu had bound
himself to the supermassive black hole at the center of our galaxy. We
thought the strain had broken his mind, and were sure of it when he
proposed creating a weapon capable of killing ensof by tracing an
ensof's avatar to the star upon which it fed, and killing the star.

"It cost my husband and six other ensof their lives, but they
succeeded in creating the Starbreaker. Only it was too powerful; any
deva or asura who tried to wield it lost themselves to it when
unveiling its full power, for the unbound weapon subsumed the psyche
of its wielder and took over the body. The only way to bind it again
was to destroy its stolen body.

"There was no saving the original devas," said Elisabeth. "None of
them were willing to take up the Starbreaker against the Almighty, and
none of them were willing to /force/ one of their number to do so. The
notions of self-sacrifice and sacrificing others for a good cause did
not come easily to us; the only reason Angramainyu and his team
succeeded in creating the Starbreaker was that their indignation at
the Almighty's betrayal had become such implacable hatred that nothing
else mattered to them but the utter eradication of the ensof.

An idea occurred to Annelise, something about this narrative that did
not quite make sense. "Why couldn't one of the ensof wield the
Starbreaker, if they understood how important it was to take out the
Almighty?"

"One of us tried," said Isaac. "But the Starbreaker still carries with
it the hatred of its creators. If unbound by an ensof, it will devour
the wielder utterly. Any ensof is far game; it does not care what it
kills.

"Besides," said Tamara, "Angramainyu's brother had stolen the
Starbreaker, secreting it aboard the starship he flew to this
planet. Once Ahuramazda arrived, he tried to hide the weapon deep
underground, and began decanting the asuras he had brought with
him. Mindful of the presence of humanity, the asuras had tried to
remain apart. Though they had the technology to wipe out humanity and
take the planet for themselves, the asuras were enough like the devas
who created them to figure out that there was world enough for
everybody."

"I suppose people discovered the asuras anyway, and mistook them for
gods because of their tech."

"That was my father's mistake," said Isaac. "Ahuramazda landed too
close to the Indus River valley. Imagine his shock to learn that the
words 'deva' and 'asura' also existed in the language spoken by the
Indus culture, and that as we split up and spread out, people
eventually discovered us and identified us with their gods and culture
heroes. Some of us eventually decided it was better to just go with
it, accept the names, and assimilate with humanity. It was a symbiotic
relationship for the most part. We had the let the priests in on the
truth, but they covered for us and kept the rest in the dark.

"It worked fine until the Almighty got tired of murdering the devas,
or perhaps ran out of devas to kill, and started hunting down the
asuras. He came to Earth first, saw the arrangement we had worked out
with humanity, and tried subverting it in Egypt by appearing before
Amenhotep IV as the 'one true god' of the sun disk, the Aten. I was in
the vicinity, saw that Akhenaten—as he now styled himself—was hunting
down Isis and her clan, and went to their aid.

Isaac looked away, as if ashamed to meet Annelise's gaze. "I was the
sole survivor, apart from Set. Isis and Osiris died fighting. Thoth
tried to save Hurus, but they burned together. Though I managed to
shatter the Aten's avatar, Set never forgave me or himself for not
being strong enough to save the others."

"But you said you shattered the Aten's avatar," said Annelise,
struggling to make sense of everything she had been told. It made a
mockery of her understanding of the world's history, with the
implication that the gods of mythology were real people. "Doesn't that
mean you killed the Almighty?"

"I thought so, but it had learned subtlety. Whenever a king sought to
promote a single god above the rest so that he might strengthen his
hold over his subjects, the Almighty was there in the shadows, giving
these kings the craft they needed to make it work while letting humans
kill the asuras they once venerated on its behalf. I saw that was
going on, and swore that I would teach humanity defiance so that I
might deprive the Almighty of willing soldiers. And I swore that with
the knowledge humanity sought I would build better asuras, each an
army of one capable of defying any enemy, soldiers willing to do
whatever it took to destroy the Almighty, even if it meant wielding
the unbound Starbreaker at the cost of their own lives. I thought I
had succeeded with Project Einherjar."

"It sounds like it, given what I read in Morgan Cooper's dossier,"
said Annelise. "But you said you needed me to help /temper/ him?"

Isaac nodded. "I need you to love him. I also need you to /hurt/
him. You see, Morgan's reasons for becoming an Adversary were not
entirely altruistic. In exchange for doing the Executive Council's
dirty work, we promised that we would make possible his dreams of rock
stardom. You will become the musician you might have been if
misfortune had not befallen your family. I will arrange events so that
you cross Morgan's path, and we shall ensure that you are all but
irresistible to him when you do. And once you start a band with him,
you will do everything you can to make his dream a nightmare, so that
his only solace is the sword."

"You can do that?" Though the thought of hurting a stranger left her
uneasy, especially a young man who had already proven himself a hero,
her concern for herself outweighed her concern for others. It was easy
for her to rationalize her way toward consenting to this; if Annelise
refused, somebody else would happily do what she herself could
not. "All I have to do to make my own dreams come true is make this
guy miserable? Break his heart, spoil his successes, drive away his
friends, poison any happiness he manages to find that doesn't come
from being your loyal blade?"

Isaac nodded. "In short, I would have you play Mata Hari. You will
watch over Morgan for me, and report on his actions and whatever
thoughts and feelings he vouchsafes to you. Whatever you do, ensure
that he does not feel free to pursue any sort of romantic relationship
with Naomi Bradleigh. He still carries a torch for her, and would
happily jump at a chance to be her lover if one were on offer."

A pang of misgiving still nagged at Annelise. "He sounds like he'd be
good for her, though."

"It's not that I disapprove," said Isaac with a wistful smile. "My
daughter deserves a partner who would devote themselves utterly to
her, and I'm sure she will prove invaluable in the struggle against
the almighty, but it would not suit my purposes for them to come
together except after great adversity."

"That means I need to be her enemy, too, then. They sound like good
people who deserve better than what I'm going to do to them for you."

"It seems you've overcome your reservations," said Isaac. "Do you know
why you're on the cusp of agreeing to aid me in my struggle against
the Almighty."

Annelise nodded. "I have as much of a right to a happy life as they
do, but whether they actually get to have one isn't my problem. It's
theirs."

Tamara favored her with a Mona Lisa smile. "Oh, you'll do nicely."


#### Pawn Promotion

Isaac had remained with Annelise after dinner. He had a stack of forms
for her to fill out: a contract making her a civilian agent of the
Phoenix Society, a non-disclosure agreement, consent to access her
medical records, consent to implanted computer installation, consent
to 24/7 audio-visual recording via Witness Protocol, acknowledgment
that she was now the beneficiary of a trust that disbursed a monthly
income that offered a modest level of financial independence,
authorization to harvest and freeze her ova—she had balked at this
last. "Why do you need to harvest and freeze my eggs, anyway?"

"This is a long-term assignment," said Isaac. "It might be at least a
decade before Morgan Cooper is the man I need him to be. By the time
you've completed your mission, you might be past your fertile years
but still want to have children. This will preserve that possibility
for you."

"Oh." She reviewed the consent. "You try to think of everything, don't
you?"

"Indeed. Thus, the last form."

Her jaw dropped in disbelief when she read it. "You want to harvest my
DNA and use it to create an einherjar that looks like me? I don't get
it."

"Suppose you were somehow compromised or endangered? I'd have to help
you escape the situation, but a sudden disappearance would raise
questions. It would be better to stage your death, and easier to do so
if we can produce a body. Cloning one from your DNA seems less
objectionable than murdering somebody who resembles you and hoping
nobody gets too curious."

"You're not going to keep a clone of me on ice, are you?"

"No need for that," said Isaac. "AsgarTech can create a body with a
five nines resemblance in half an hour."

The confidence in Isaac's voice suggested that this was neither an
empty boast nor some kind of joke. It raised an uncomfortable
implication. "If Morgan and I get famous, AsgarTech isn't going to
start selling sex dolls with a five nines resemblance to me, right?"

Isaac suppressed a laugh by pretending to cough into his fist. "I run
the AsgarTech Corporation, not Stepford Robotics."

"OK, but if you can build an artificial girl who looks just like me,
can't you just /build/ a girlfriend for Morgan? Why do you need me?"

Isaac stood, and began to pace. "It's complicated. The technology
isn't there yet."

"What do you mean? Didn't you program Morgan to be what he is?"

"No. Morgan and the other einherjar started out as mostly blank
slates. They have some inborn knowledge and abilities, but we
purposely gave them infant bodies instead of accelerating their
physical development because the only way for an einherjar to develop
a strong psyche is to live a life. Even if I could also clone your
personality and memories in a non-destructive fashion, copying that
gestalt to a new body would have unpredictable and potentially
catastrophic results. For example, how do you think you'd react if you
woke up in an unfamiliar place and an unfamiliar body?"

"But you said it would be a clone."

"I said it would be based on you and bear a five nines
resemblance. But einherjar are stronger, faster, tougher, and more
dexterous than humans and asuras. You'd be waiting up in the body of a
demigod or a superhero, not knowing your own capabilities. If I then
told you that you were built to be somebody's new girlfriend, do you
really think you'd go along?"

A scene from an old black-and-white horror movie she had watched with
her girlfriends one drunken Halloween sprang to mind. "You think I'd
go Bride of Frankenstein on him?"

"Something like that," said Isaac.

"So we've got to do it the hard way."

"Exactly. No shortcuts."

Annelise signed the last form, turned the stack back over, and pushed
the manila folder that contained them back to Isaac. "Fine. When do I
get to meet Morgan?"

"You don't," said Isaac. "Not as Annelise Copeland, at least. You'll
understand in the morning."

She let out her breath in an impatient huff. "If I'm going to work
with you, and leave everything and everybody behind to be some
artificial superhero's golden fantasy[4] then I can't have you keeping
me in the dark. Since you wanted somebody with a brain for this job,
why not take advantage of mine?"

A long moment passed before Isaac spoke. "Fair enough. I've turned
your world and your understanding of it upside down, told you
outlandish stories, and embroiled you in a clandestine war of demons
and wizards. I probably should deal more openly with you."

"Let's start with my role. It sounds like you need me to completely
inhabit this role to the point of considering Annelise an entirely
different person, at least while I'm around Morgan."

"I understand you studied method acting. Can you do this?"

"Yeah, but to be safe, I might have to stay in character even when
he's not around so that his friends don't ask questions. And I can't
just do it until production wraps; I might have to be this other
person for years."

"Yes. You might have to be Christabel Crowley that long."

"Christabel Crowley," Annelise repeated the name, trying it on as she
might a pair of shoes. "She sounds like a London girl. Comes from
money, but isn't outrageously rich. Plays the violin, classically
trained because she used to be daddy's girl, but has just enough of a
wild side that now she wants to rock."

Isaac leaned on the table, resting his chin against his fist. "Keep
going."

"She would have gone to a moderately posh public school," said
Annelise, using the term for an English boarding school catering
mainly to the ruling classes. "Not a top-shelf school, but close
enough to be respectable. She would have been the quiet, studious sort
as a girl, but as a woman she wants a life of her own. Her parents had
her learn the violin so that she could impress a potential husband,
but it became her escape. She threw herself into it, and auditioned
for the New York Philharmonic to get away from London and her family."

"Do you think you can make that work? You /are/ out of practice."

"Fuck you." The response came unbidden, an impulse Annelise would have
to curb. It was not something Christabel would say. It was too blunt,
and thus uncouth. "Allow me to rephrase, please. I will /make/ it
work. Christabel has not been out of practice, and by the time she's
ready to audition nobody will know she only recently picked up the
violin again."

Isaac nodded, as if he had not heard her initial retort. "As I
mentioned before, Morgan's just a metalhead."

"Did Naomi do metal at the bar where he worked?"

"No, as a matter of fact. It was one of those upscale bars catering to
yuppies who at least pretended to consider rock too plebeian for their
own refined tastes. Instead, they affected a taste for classical and
jazz."

"Right, so if Morgan hadn't grown up listening to it, he might have
learned enough from talking with Naomi to dig deeper on his own. He
might even have picked up some music theory along the way. What's his
favorite band right now?"

Isaac thought a moment. "Right now? He seems to be digging Weasel
Hadron Collider."

A network search gave Annelise what she needed. "You called him a
metalhead, and he's listening to jazz fusion? What else has he gotten
into."

"Charn." "That's prog."

"The Second Sex." "Feminist punk."

"Poseidon's Wake." "That's a bloody King Crimson revival band. What
kind of metalhead gets into /that/?"

Isaac spread his hands. "Fine. He's a metalhead with aspirations. Your
point?"

"He's not gonna be content with power chords and lyrics about women,
leather, and Hell screamed out over a wall of sound. If he was, would
he really be Christabel's type? I'm not convinced you know Morgan
Cooper as well as you think you do."

"She's got a point," said Elisabeth, sauntering into the
room. Tousling Isaac's hair until it spilled free of the ribbon
binding it, she sat in his lap as if she were a cat and hooked a
possessive arm around his shoulders. "So, what would you suggest we do
about Morgan Cooper?"

"As a first step, Christabel should get Morgan's interest. I'm sure
you've got some sort of meet cute scene in mind."

"I had thought of staging a robbery. You beg him to chase down a thief
who has just snatched your violin."

Annelise shook her head, "Really, Isaac? He's an Adversary, right? Are
property crimes even his problem?"

"She's got a point," said Elisabeth.

"What do we know about the people who handle auditions at the Phil?
Are they honest? Is there one with a habit of demanding favors of
young women?"

"As a matter of fact, there is."

"When the time comes, put me in front of him. You'll have a full A/V
feed, so if he so much as implies that being a good musician isn't
enough and I've got to do something extra to earn a seat in the Phil,
you can sic Morgan on him. Then, after he's done his thing, we can
arrange for me to meet him. If he takes his duties seriously he might
not consent to date me at first, but I'll win him over."

"What happens then?" said Isaac.

"Once we're seeing each other, I can 'find out' that he's been
studying the guitar. I can offer to play with him. I can suggest that
we start a band, and point out that we need a vocalist. If Naomi
auditions, I'll bring her aboard."

"I thought we talked about keeping Morgan /away/ from my daughter."

"Let the young lady finish," said Elisabeth. "I think I know where her
logic's going."

"Thanks," said Annelise. "Isaac, you told me to torture Morgan. Just
think of how he'll suffer knowing that he can't dump me to try to get
with Naomi without breaking up the band, and that Naomi probably
wouldn't have him if he tried to trade up because there'd be nothing
to stop him from trying to trade up again if he meets Elisabeth or
Tamara."

"You would make him a prisoner of his own pride?"

"Isn't that what you were trying to do?" Sure she was venturing onto
uncertain ground, she continued. "You guys aren't human. Neither is
Morgan, but he has the Pinocchio thing going. If you're going to play
him, you need somebody who can think like a human being on your side."

"Aren't you already on our side?"

"I'm on your payroll, which is fine as far as it goes since you pay a
fuckton better than Borgia Pizza and you haven't charged me for
dinner, but I'm gunning for partner. Maybe I can't be a sorceress, but
whatever this conspiracy is that you've got going, I want in. All the
way."

As Elisabeth whispered in Isaac's ear, Annelise caught the phrase 'not
unprecedented.' "Hey, Elisabeth, you mind sharing with the rest of the
class?"

"The rest of the— Oh. Right. I was telling Isaac that your request
wasn't unprecedented. Somebody who shares our goals but disapproves of
our methods also has a human assistant as a junior partner. I figured
that since you've got moxie, we might as well take advantage of it."

/Moxie? Jesus. How out of touch with the current culture are these
people?/ It was a question Annelise knew enough to keep to
herself. "Anybody I know?"

"Not likely," Isaac's tone had soured with distaste. "Edmund Cohen has
taken an interest in Morgan, so you'll doubtless meet the old
drunk. He's dangerous."

"Is he a mean drunk?"

"I was talking about when he's sober," said Isaac. "The more I tell
you, the greater the probability that he might suspect that Christabel
Crowley is not what she seems. It's hard to keep knowledge to oneself,
but you deserve better than to be kept in ignorance. It's bad enough
that I must treat my daughter and the einherjar I created thus; being
able to initiate you into the mysteries may prove a pleasant change."

Elisabeth curled a lock of Isaac's frost-blonde hair about her
finger. "Here's something else to consider. Morgan is as much Enkidu
as he is Gilgamesh. He'll need a priestess to tame him and help him
become more the man and less the beast." She gazed directly into
Annelise's eyes. "You'll have to seduce him. Do you know how?"

"I know how Christabel would go about it," said Annelise, warming to
her new role as she made it more her own. "She can't seem too
knowing. She should be innocent, but curious and maybe a little
insistent. Morgan sounds like the sort who'd appreciate a woman with a
firm hand. But whatever preparation I have to do to become Christabel
Crowley, I can't do it in New York. If he sees me here, it'll be
harder to buy Christabel's story about coming to the city to escape
family expectations back in London."

"Well, that simplifies matters," said Isaac. "I was wondering how I'd
explain that I need you to go with Elisabeth to Europe for your
preparation. Your maglev leaves tonight at midnight."

"I'm ready," said Annelise.

"No, you're not," said Elisabeth. "I doubt anybody will accuse me
/today/ of murdering you and bathing in your blood to keep my youthful
beauty, but surely /somebody/ would ask questions if you simply
vanished. Please call your family and any friends you care to. Tell
them that you lucked into a job with the Phoenix Society, but you'll
have to leave the city and may be out of touch for a long time. Say
what goodbyes you must, so that you can leave without regrets."


#### The Making of Christabel Crowley

The morning sun painted roses across the white bed linens as it
streamed through the stained glass windows of the bedchamber to which
Elisabeth Bathory had led Christabel upon her arrival the night
before. Closing her eyes against the arrival of morning, she turned
over and snuggled into one of the goose down pillows. It had taken
longer than she would have liked for sleep to come, and now it fled
all too soon.

The door creaked open, and she sat upright, clutching the covers
against her. A young woman in black livery with red accents stood in
the doorway and did a curtsy. "Good morning, Ms. Crowley. Countess
Bathory sends her apologies for waking you since you arrived late last
night, but breakfast will be served in half an hour. Shall I escort
you to the dining hall?"

An impulse to insist that the servant was mistaken and assert her old
identity almost seized Christabel, who was still not fully awake. She
crushed it without mercy or a moment's remorse. /Annelise Copeland is
a different person leading a different life. She doesn't matter. I'm
Christabel Crowley now./

"I'll be ready in five minutes," said Christabel.

"I can assist you, if you'd like." The servant stepped inside, closing
the bedchamber door behind her. "You may call me Marian."

"I can manage." Christabel looked for her luggage. She had draped her
clothes from last night over one of the suitcases. "Marian,
wait. Where are my clothes? Where's my luggage?"

"While you were asleep, the staff put all of your new clothes away."

"Why didn't I hear them?"

"The Countess does not long tolerate indiscretion or incompetence in
her staff," said Marian as she opened the door to Christabel's en
suite bathroom for her. "If you'd care to shower, I will have your
clothes ready for you once you're done.'

A little over twenty minutes later, Christabel came down to breakfast,
escorted by Marian. The servant gave another curtsy as she opened the
door to the dining room, and indicated that Christabel should continue
without her.

Despite her knowledge that Elisabeth had selected nothing but the best
so that she might present herself at the height of fashion, it was
hard not to feel like a frump compared to the other women seating
themselves. There were even men who seemed prettier.

Elisabeth stood beside her chair at the head of the table, and rang a
small crystal bell for attention. "Ladies, gentlemen, and those who
know better, please allow me to introduce Christabel Crowley. She is
my guest, and I have taken a personal interest in her education. You
will accord her every courtesy."

Christabel blushed as Elisabeth's eyes met hers with a knowing
wink. After breakfast, she lingered as the others departed, leaving
her alone with Elisabeth. "What was /that/ all about?"

Elisabeth shared one of her slow, rich smiles. "You know that my
Garden of Earthly Delights is a school for courtesans, do you not?"

"Yes, but did you just single me out in front of the students?"

"The students?" Elisabeth's laughter rang as high and clear as the
bell she had used earlier. "Please forgive me; I thought I told you
what to expect last night. It was not my students with which you
dined, but my faculty."

A sigh of relief escaped Christabel. "All right. I can deal with
that. I thought I had walked into one of those teen dramas where the
Hollywood ugly new girl gets thrown to the wolves."

"Hollywood ugly?" Elisabeth chuckled. "Now, who called you /that/?"

"Well, Isaac had implied it. He said I had a 'girl-next-door vibe' and
that I'd 'clean up nicely'. Besides, compared to you—"

Elisabeth shook her head. "You're only human. If you compare yourself
to somebody who can project their own idealized image of themselves as
if it were the reality, you'll only make yourself miserable."

"I don't even compare favorably to Naomi Bradleigh."

"Naomi Bradleigh doesn't compare favorably to herself, either. The
Naomi you see isn't the one she sees when she brushes her teeth in the
morning. She's mortal, just like you. She gets clogged pores and
ingrown hairs in inconveniently visible places just like you. She has
to doll herself up to look the way she does in public."

"So you can teach me to doll up?"

"I can teach you that, and so much more," said Elisabeth, offering
Christabel her hand. "Come with me, please."

The courtyard to which Elisabeth took her was a garden wilder than the
one in which her sister Tamara lived. Native wildflowers grew in
profusion here, shaded by fruit-bearing trees. Bees and butterflies
hummed to and fro, making their rounds. A shaggy brown tabby cat with
a smudge of white on its muzzle leaped after a blue swallowtail, but
the butterfly fluttered out of the reach of its white paws. "Poor
Smudge," said Elisabeth. "He keeps trying for the butterflies, but
he's never managed to get one. Fortunately, he does better with the
mice."

"It seems rather a lot of castle for one cat."

"You'll see others during your stay. You might even find one curled up
on your bed on occasion. Speaking of which, were you comfortable last
night?"

"I've never slept in such a large bed before. I actually had room to
stretch out. It was wonderful."

"Good. I trust Marian was attentive."

"I'm not really comfortable having a servant."

"That will change as you grow into your persona," said
Elisabeth. "Tamara will ensure that you possess the requisite liberal
arts education and musical skill for your role. Isaac will no doubt
show up to teach you sword-work—"

"Why would I need to know how to fight with a sword? I'm not going to
become an Adversary."

"It's good physical and mental exercise, and it will build your
confidence. You will need every bit of it you can get."

"So that Morgan doesn't walk all over me?"

"So that Morgan doesn't outright ignore you," said Elisabeth. "Our
observations of Morgan indicate that he does not reach out to
others. If other people reach out to him first, he'll accept their
friendship. It appears that he's concerned about being a burden on
others, and so tries to manage as well as he can on his own."

"Is it that 'army of one' thing he has going on because he's
einherjar?"

"Probably," said Elisabeth. Selecting a pair of ripe apples, she
offered one to Christabel and bit into the other. "I see you did some
etymological research."

"I was just listening to everything Isaac said," said Christabel,
untucking her blouse so she could use the tail to polish her
apple. Tart sweetness burst upon her as he bit through the skin. "But
I don't get it. He reached out to Naomi, didn't he?"

"Yes, and she let him down gently. His first experience of romance was
bittersweet. He got a kiss out of it, but that was all he got. He
learned from the experience, but the lesson he took from it is not one
convenient to our purposes."

"No shit," said Christabel.

"That's something a New Yorker might say. Stay in character."

Christabel ignored the rebuke. "That dossier I read last night made
Morgan out to be some kind of hero, but you make him sound like a
coward. How can somebody capable of braving an inferno to rescue
strangers just decide to ignore women because of one gentle
rejection?"

Elisabeth slowly ate her apple, leaving Christabel to do the same. It
was not until she had finished hers and buried the core—digging into
the loamy soil of her garden with her bare hands—that she spoke
again. "You saw the photos. Does Morgan look like somebody who
repeatedly ran into a burning building without protection?"

"No. Why is that, anyway?"

"As long as an einherjar has food, they can rapidly heal from any
physical injury."

"So, he's hard to kill, but it's easy to break his heart?"

"As easy as any other man's."

"I don't buy it," said Christabel. "Oh, I'm sure that Naomi could have
broken his heart easily enough if she had wanted to, but she was
gentle with him."

"What are you thinking?"

"I think you've got a man with a plan on your hands. He wants to make
something of himself so that the next time he meets Naomi he can be
worthy of her. To that end, he's become an Adversary and a
musician. This is a man who believes in himself and his appeal as a
man. He knows what he wants, and he's doing what he thinks he must to
get it."

Christabel tore a bite from her apple. "Isaac wants me to leave him no
solace but the sword. That means I've got to not only break his heart,
but run it through a meat grinder, use it as pie filling, and make him
eat it. I've got to shatter his belief in his own manhood, and rub his
nose in his utter lack of intrinsic worth. Nobody loves him, nobody
ever will, and the only reason his existence is tolerated is that he
can fight demons. The sooner he's made to see this, the sooner Isaac
gets what he wants."

"You were reluctant to hurt him last night."

Staring at her apple, which had turned out to have a worm in it,
Christabel hardened her heart. "Annelise was reluctant. I'm not
Annelise. I agreed to do a job for Isaac, and I will do what it takes
to see it done."


#### A Definite Maybe

Christabel loathed the cover of her debut album. The photographer had
spent hours trying to get her to simper for the camera just so,
because it seemed that most people who bought recordings of women
performing classical music expected the performers to look like
courtesans. While she had learned from the best in the business at the
Garden of Earthly Delights, she had no interest in teasing yuppies who
thought themselves superior because they fantasized about
classically-trained soloists instead of pop divas. The photographer
had eventually given up, and made do with a photo Christabel standing
at the center of a blizzard in jeans, a red brocade corset complete
with whalebone, and black patent leather spike heels meeting the
camera with an icy stare as she held her bow poised to wrench a chord
from an electric violin. She would have preferred to not be on the
cover, but the record label's marketing people had overruled her.

She had only herself to blame, though. The album had been her
idea. Though the New York Philharmonic /had/ offered her a seat in the
first violins section before the conductor's habit of demanding
inappropriate favors of young women in exchange for a favorable
recommendation had been exposed and the conductor brought down by the
Phoenix Society, the orchestra's directors had rescinded the offer
afterward.

This was fine with Christabel; she had taken to reviewing updated
dossiers of Morgan Cooper and Naomi Bradleigh in her spare time over
the past year and come to the conclusion that while Morgan might
appreciate classical music, he was not the sort to spend his evenings
at the symphony or the opera. If she was going to get involved with
Morgan and start a band with him, it would be a pain to also cope with
the Phil's grueling schedule of rehearsals and
performances. Furthermore, it gave her another angle for marketing
herself as a solo performer. /Christabel Crowley: too hot for the New
York Philharmonic./

The downside was that the record label was determined to make an idol
of her, despite her being a violinist rather than a vocalist. It was
the reason behind the photography. It was also the reason she was
sitting at a merch table in the Flaming Telepath, a bar in Brooklyn
with a reputation among discerning metalheads, flogging copies of
/Shattered Harmonies/ after staring down crowds who couldn't decide
whether to try booing her off the stage or demanding that she show her
tits while waiting out her set so they could hear the night's
headliners.

"The crowds are always tough when you're a warm-up act nobody's ever
heard of." Naomi Bradleigh had warned her in between takes; they had
met while Christabel was recording her album and Naomi was doing guest
vocals on a bonus track for Seiten Taisei's first album, /Monkey
Business/. "And there's always going to be at least one bloke who
thinks it's clever to mistake you for a stripper. It's hard not to
take it personally, but it's sort of a trial by ice. When you're just
the warm-up act, nobody gives a toss about you. But if you become a
headliner, then everybody brags about how they were your biggest fans
before you made it big.

"Excuse me." Christabel looked up and saw a tall man with a dancer's
build standing in front of her. He was wearing a Magician, Heal
Thyself t-shirt, and had his shimmering blue-black hair bound into a
tail that spilled over one shoulder and down his chest. His
slit-pupiled eyes were the green of the forests surrounding the Garden
of Earthly Delights. He held a bottle of beer in each hand, and one
still had its cap on. "I know this is forward, but after the
performance you gave earlier I figured you could use a beer."

"Why, thank you," said Christabel, surprised as much by this
stranger's consideration as his generosity. Not only had he bought her
a beer, but thought to leave it capped so that she could safely drink
it. "Have we met?"

"Not in person, I but remembered your name from work." He held out his
hand. "I'm Morgan Cooper, and while I'm sorry things didn't work out
for you with the New York Philharmonic, it looks like you landed on
your feet."

"I suppose I did."

"Tough crowd?"

"Yeah," Christabel wrapped the hem of her t-shirt around the cap and
twisted it off. After a long pull from her bottle, she set it down on
the table. "I try to ignore the booing; I figure they do it to
everybody they haven't heard of."

"Pretty much. I got the same treatment at an open mic event last
week."

"Did anybody tell you to take off your clothes?"

Morgan laughed. "Somebody's grandma wanted a cheap thrill. Probably
would have done it anyway, since the stage lights were hotter than I
expected."

"Oh, muses, yes. I hadn't expected that. It was never that bad playing
in an orchestra."

Morgan eyed the stack of LPs. "Is that your album?"

"What do you think?"

He produced his wallet. "I think I'd like a copy. A shirt, too, if you
have one in extra-large."

Christabel smiled behind the mouth of her bottle. "Should I autograph
the LP?"

"I'd like that. You're good live, and I want to know what you sound
like in the studio."

"Just a moment." Having had a slightly wicked idea, she reached into
her purse for her lipstick. Once she had applied it, she unwrapped a
copy of /Shattered Harmonies/, pulled out the record in its paper
sleeve, and set about giving Morgan something she hoped would prove
more memorable than an autograph. "Here you go."

He tucked the LP under his arm. "Thank you."

"Thanks for the beer," said Christabel, her gratitude not part of the
act. Furthermore, now that she thought of it, she had seen Morgan in
front but off to the side, listening intently to her performance. He
had not been one of those booing her or demanding a striptease. "And
for actually listening earlier."

Morgan shrugged. "When I heard you were performing, I looked you
up. Your band, too. I recognized your bass player, Marcus Phillips."

"Oh, so you play bass? I had you pegged for a guitarist." According to
the dossier, Morgan played both, but Christabel wasn't about to admit
her possession of such information. Nor would she admit to knowing
that his primary instrument was some kind of hybrid that allowed a
musician to play bass lines with one hand and melody with the
other. "Too bad I wasn't at that open mic."

He turned away, as if embarrassed. "I play both, but I've still got a
lot to learn."

"I'd like to hear you play sometime." It was risky, but Morgan had not
looked at the protective sleeve of his new LP and seen the rather
explicit clue she had left for him there.

"I'm sure I'll be at the next open mic," said Morgan, and she found
herself wanting to reach up, grab this clueless git by the collar of
his leather jacket, pull him down, and snog some sense into
him. "Thanks again for being here tonight. I enjoyed seeing you play."

After spending the rest of the night fuming and counting the seconds
until she could pack up and get the hell out of there, the last thing
Christabel wanted was to report her progress, or her lack thereof, to
Isaac Magnin.

"Was he there tonight?"

"Yes, Isaac, he was there. He actually listened to me play, and then
brought me a beer while I was attending the merch table and failing to
flog copies of my record. He even had the sense to leave the cap on so
I'd have no reason to suspect foul play."

"That sounds like a good start. Did he buy a copy of your album?"

"Yeah. Said he wanted to know what I sounded like in the studio." She
let out a frustrated huff. "We had a nice, polite chat. I found out
from him that he plays, and told him I'd like to listen. You know what
he did?"

"The transcript from your feed just came through. I suppose that
wasn't quite the result you hoped for."

That, Christabel thought, was the understatement of the century. While
it might have been unreasonable for him to say he wanted to hear what
she sounded like in the bedroom, knowing it was unreasonable to be
miffed about it hours after the fact did not stop her from being
annoyed that after she all but asked him out all he did was say he'd
be at the next open mic. "Are all the einherjar this dense?"

Magnin shrugged on his side of the video call. "Some are much worse."

"Small mercies, eh?"

"But you autographed his copy of Shattered Harmonies, right?"

"And wrote down my network address. I even left a kiss. How much more
obvious do I have to be?"

"I think I see why you're annoyed. You spent a lot of time learning
how to appeal to men, and you thought it would be easier to get into
his head."

"I think I'm already there, but he doesn't see me the way I need him
to see me. He's not one of those guys who fantasizes about getting
into bed with every vaguely attractive female musician whose albums
they've collected."

"That was in the dossier," said Isaac, gently chiding her.

"We both know the dossier is only 95% reliable."

"Fair enough. What will you do now?"

"I guess I could watch for open mic events in the area and try to
catch Morgan at one. Just please don't tell Elisabeth that I finally
met the guy and couldn't even get a definite maybe out of him."

A text message came from an address Christabel did not recognize. «I'm
listening to your album, and wondering how personally I should take
the kiss you left on my copy. —Morgan»


#### Another Woman's Treasure

Though Christabel could have replied to Morgan's text message a couple
of weeks ago, she had decided it was better to let him sweat a
little. It was only what he deserved for not having the wit to realize
that she wanted him to ask her out despite the obvious clues she had
provided. /I gave him my address and left a kiss printed in
lipstick. What more did the man need, an engraved invitation?/

Instead, since he had said he'd be at the Flaming Telepath's next open
mic night she decided to take him at his word. She would elbow her way
to the front of the crowd and listen to him—turnabout being fair play.

It had not been hard to get a copy of the set list; the Flaming
Telepath's proprietor was not as clever in his choice of passphrases
as he thought, and it had been easy for one of AsgarTech's AIs to
brute-force his account by selecting random lines from a corpus of
Blue Öyster Cult lyrics. Morgan had gotten the last slot. It was a
tough position; by that time most of the patrons would be trying
either to get drunk or get laid, and the rest would care mainly for
maintaining their current states of inebriation.

Since nobody else on the set list mattered to Christabel, she had no
compunction about showing up in the middle of the set before
Morgan's. However, instead of seeing Morgan take the stage, another
band stepped up and launched into some kind of recondite instrumental
excursion into technical death metal that seemed to change time
signatures every time Christabel thought she had gotten a grip on the
music.

The worst of it came from a guy who was playing an instrument with
entirely too many strings[5], tapping out a bass line with one hand
and using the other to provide counterpoint to the lead guitarist. He
was shoe-gazing, his hair spilling over his shoulders until the lead
guitarist started a duel. The melody shifted back and forth between
the two, and when it shifted away from the lead guitarist the other
musician seemed to come to life, his hair whipping about as he let his
body move to the music he mercilessly wrenched from his instrument.

And while his hair was whipping about, Christabel saw he was wearing a
t-shirt with /her/ name on it. Worse, she recognized motifs from /her/
album in his playing as the band broke down into a jam session. He had
taken her melodies, and set them to bass lines of his own, bass lines
more intricate than those her sideman had recorded.

A drunk standing beside her put his hands around his mouth to create a
jury-rigged megaphone. "Jerk off backstage, assholes."

Before she could stop herself, she had him by the ear. Pulling him
down to ensure she had his undivided attention, she said, "If you
can't appreciate what they're doing up there then fuck off to some
other bar." She let him go, but not before grinding one of her spike
heels into his foot for emphasis. A bouncer showed up before he could
make plain his opinion of such rough treatment, and dragged him away
as the band played on, too absorbed in their jam to be perturbed.

The set soon ended, sooner than she would have liked. The lead
guitarist threw his picks into the crowd as if he were a headliner and
not some nobody playing an open mic event. "We're The Epstein-Barr
Band. Look us up next time you're in the market for some infectious
grooves. Goodnight!"

She was in the alley behind the bar before the members of the
Epstein-Barr Band, and the lead guitarist gave her a once-over. "Hey,
weren't you up front? I saw how you handled that rude guy."

Christabel shrugged. "Sorry about that. But some guys forget their
manners after they've had one too many."

"No kidding, lady. Seriously, though, it was hella cool seeing you
grab that guy by the ear. You looked like a teacher on her night off."

The man wearing her t-shirt showed up, his instrument slung over his
shoulder in its case. "Hello, Christabel. Thanks for showing up."

The lead guitarist glanced between the two. "Hey, Cooper, you know
her?"

"Yeah. Been listening to her album."

"So I noticed," said Christabel, putting her hands on her hips. "I
heard some of my riffs while you guys were jamming. Why the bloody
hell didn't you tell me you were so good?"

Morgan raised his hands to protest. "I'm not that good. I've only been
playing a few years. And this is the first band I've been in." He
jerked a thumb toward the lead guitarist. "Epstein here can tell you
as much."

Epstein nodded. "Yeah, this is his first band. If he had more
experience he'd know better than to upstage the front-man."

A flush reddened Morgan's face. "Sorry, man. Once I got into it I
couldn't resist."

"Yeah, I know. And you're good. But you're not right for the
Epstein-Barr Band. We're just here to have a good time, and you take
this way too seriously."

Morgan nodded, but his entire face seemed to fall into dejection. "All
right. It was good jamming with you guys, though. Good luck."

He began to walk away, as if he had already forgotten about the
band. This Christabel could understand. However, he also seemed to
have forgotten about her, and this simply would not do.

"Hey," said Epstein. "You're Christabel Crowley, right? Any chance I
could buy you a—"

He was on the ground before he could finish the proposition, clutching
the jaw that Christabel had shattered with the diamond-cluster knuckle
duster she kept in her pocket. Straddling Epstein, she glared at the
others. "Anybody have any objections?"

Since nobody did, she left them to get help for their band-mate and
followed Morgan. It proved hard going, for one could only walk so
quickly while wearing heels and running was out of the
question. Fortunately, she had his address because he had texted
her. «Wait for me, dammit.»

She caught up with him a block later, waiting at a street
corner. "Epstein was right," said Morgan. "It means too much to me. I
want it too damn much."

"And I want /you/," said Christabel. "I was there to hear /you/
play. I was so disappointed when it turned out to be some band that
named themselves after a disease. But then I heard you playing my
music and saw you wearing my t-shirt. I don't know if you believe in
fate, but it feels to me like there's a connection between us."

"I know," said Morgan, "But it doesn't feel right. You were a
complainant in a case I worked. Now I can't stop listening to your
album. Your music has infected mine. And when I see the spark in your
eyes..." He gazed up at the sky for a moment as the clouded skies
began to spit down rain. "I haven't felt like this since I was a
teenager. I'm not comfortable with it."

Christabel placed a tentative hand on his shoulder. When he failed to
shrug it off, she stood on tiptoe so that she could whisper in his
ear. "It's called infatuation. It's the first step toward falling in
love." Before he could react, she caught his lips with hers, stealing
the barest brush of a kiss. Backing away just a moment, she held his
not-quite-human forest-green gaze. "You can let yourself fall. I'm
here to catch you."

"Why?" Though he had not elaborated, Christabel suspected she knew
what Morgan meant. The psychological profiles in his dossier all
indicated that he was an earnest young man and an incorrigible
romantic, but was sure that romance was a privilege he did not
deserve. Coming from him now, his /why/ meant /why would you want
somebody like me/.

"That asshole had no idea what he just threw away," said Christabel,
pressing a deeper, lingering kiss upon him. "But I know a treasure
when I see one, and I want you for myself. I've seen you live. Now I
want to know what you sound like in a studio."

"You don't have to kiss me just because you want to jam with me."

Christabel did it again, and this time his control slipped just enough
for him to kiss her back, however tentatively. "Since you can't seem
to take a hint, I also want to know what you sound like in my
bedroom. But since you're shy we can take it slow."


#### That Certain Something

Christabel leaned back in her chair as another singer finished their
solo audition. This one was an alto accompanying herself on a
skillfully played hurdy-gurdy, and while many other bands would have
been happy to bring her on board, she wasn't what Christabel wanted
for her new band, Crowley's Thoth. She was one of those folk metal
types, and she had a different style in mind for her new band. She
even had a name for it: black tie metal. The music would be complex,
the lyrics literary and erudite. Between her violin and Morgan's stick
guitar, all she needed was Naomi Bradleigh on vocals and keyboards.

Nevertheless, she had been obliged to hold open auditions for
vocalists and keyboard players. Even if her record label hadn't
insisted upon open auditions, Morgan might have suspected something
was off. More importantly, if she had reached out directly to Naomi,
or if Isaac Magnin had found away to arrange a meeting, Naomi herself
might have smelled a rat and refused.

Thus it was necessary to put on this sham of an open audition and at
least give the first couple dozen people to sign up a chance to waste
their time and effort. Likewise, it was necessary to pick half a dozen
for the shortlist, and give them a chance to jam with her and Morgan
to see if they jelled as a band. The hard part was that the first
audition was a blind audition. She had no way of knowing if Naomi
would even show up until they heard her singing in the studio.

In the meantime, Christabel had to put the alto with the hurdy-gurdy
out of her misery. She reached for the mic, ready to dash her hopes.

"I thought she was good," said Morgan. "Certainly the best we've had
so far."

"That's hardly saying much," said Christabel, withdrawing her
hand. "First there was the baritone who couldn't stay on key. Then
there was the tenor who couldn't stay on beat. After him came that
mezzo-soprano who sang in one key and played in another."

"Can we at least shortlist this one?"

"Must we?" Lending credence to Morgan's opinions was part of the game
she had to play, though fairness demanded of Christabel that she at
least admit that his judgment was sound. If she hadn't been set on a
particular performer, this alto with the hurdy-gurdy would have
deserved further consideration.

"We can always strike her name if we get some stronger contenders."

"Fair enough," said Christabel. She keyed the mic again. "Excuse
me. Candidate number five, are you still there?"

"Yes. I was just packing up."

"Please stick around for the next round."

There was a gasp from the other side. "Really? Thank you!"

Letting go of the mic, Christabel considered Morgan. His fashion sense
had improved under her; she had not succeeded in persuading him to
wear a necktie yet, let alone a cravat, but at least he had taken to
wearing open-collared silk shirts under his biker's jacket, and he no
longer wore the torn and faded jeans he used to favor. "I still don't
think this one's gonna work out. And I really don't like the way the
hurdy-gurdy sounds."

"You're looking for a certain something."

"Yeah. But don't ask me what."

"You'll know it when you hear it, right?"

"Yeah." She stood up, stretched, and then leaned over Morgan. Gazing
into his eyes, she stole a quick kiss and added. "You'll know it
too. I'm holding out for somebody to whom we can both say hell yeah."

"Fair enough," said Morgan. "Who's next?"

Christabel checked the audition forms, which had been redacted to
strip out identifying information. "A classically trained singer and
pianist." Keying the mic, she spoke to the candidate. "You can start
whenever you're ready."

"Thank you," came a voice Christabel instantly recognized. It was a
Londoner's accent acquired by honest means, with a hint of Devonshire
farm girl beneath. "The advertisement didn't specify any particular
piece, but I had an idea for something original while I was on my
way."

Christabel keyed the mic again. "Go ahead."

Descending chords pulled forth from the piano by a deft and gentle
hand traced a dreamlike path toward silent melancholy. A right-handed
tremolo shattered the silence, as if the instrument had awoken with a
racing heart. A new left-handed melody rose urgent and insistent out
of the lower register. Once the motif had fully developed, the tremolo
became a counterpoint. Melody and counterpoint pulsed in rapid
syncopation, and Christabel was already hard-pressed to keep up when
the candidate began to sing, using a crystalline soprano voice as an
instrument. The vocal melody was a synthesis of the thesis and
antithesis she had played with either hand, until it reached its
climax and faded away, leaving the piano to recapitulate the initial
motifs.

Christabel sat dumbfounded, unsure if the auditory assault she had
just endured was a brilliant new composition or a dissonant,
pretentious mess meriting prosecution as an aesthetic atrocity.

Morgan, however, had grabbed his stick guitar and was playing it
unplugged, working out the piano parts. Though the unamplified
instrument was barely audible, it seemed to Christabel that Morgan was
getting it mostly right despite playing by ear a composition he had
heard but once.

As if realizing that her eyes were upon him, Morgan looked up and
gazed wide-eyed at her. "We need to get into a studio with her right
now. She's brilliant."

"I have no idea what the hell she just played."

"Who gives a shit? I think the intensity with which she plays and
sings is something Crowley's Thoth needs."

"And what about the other candidates?"

"Other candidates be damned," said Morgan. "Didn't you recognize that
voice? Or the way she plays? That's Naomi fucking Bradleigh
auditioning for /our/ band.

"So what?" Christabel's indifference was for show; she had
half-expected that she might have to persuade Morgan that they should
take Bradleigh on, but his insistence simplified matters. There was no
need to give him the hard sell when he had already convinced
himself. Whether it was on the strength of Bradleigh's reputation or
that of her bewildering performance was of no concern to
Christabel. Her philosophy was one expressible in two words: /whatever
works./

She followed Morgan, who had grabbed his stick guitar and left the
control booth. He held the recording room door open for her, but
seemed transfixed by the snow-blonde and scarlet-eyed figure seated at
the piano.

Naomi rose from the piano and smoothed the black dress she wore over a
burgundy blouse, and extended an elegant, long-fingered hand toward
Christabel. "Hello. I'm Naomi Bradleigh. You must be Christabel
Crowley. I believe we've met before."

Christabel took her hand and gave it a polite shake. "I hadn't
expected that /you/ would audition, Ms. Bradleigh."

This was a lie; she had hoped from the start to snare Bradleigh, being
sure that Morgan would eventually come to regret his initial
enthusiasm for her presence in the band, but sometimes the only way
was to try to arrange favorable circumstances for the universe to give
you what you wanted.

"I hadn't expected to be at loose ends," said Naomi, so when I saw the
advert on the Melody Maker site I thought it would at least be better
than moping because yet another band fell apart around me. Recording
guest vocals on B-sides and bonus tracks isn't the worst way to make a
living, but I had hoped for more."

"I'm sure it wasn't your fault," said Morgan.

That much Christabel could agree with, but she knew better than to
admit her knowledge that credit for Naomi's recent setbacks could be
laid at Isaac Magnin's feet. Though he had been reluctant to use his
influence to the detriment of his daughter's career, she had persuaded
him that doing things her way would better serve his wider purpose. "I
don't want to say I'm glad you had the opportunity to audition for
Crowley's Thoth, but I'd be lying if I tried to pretend that it
wouldn't be a coup for me if you, Morgan, and I could get a tight band
going."

"Well," said Naomi. "I guess all we need is a drummer."

"I've got that sorted," said Christabel, patting the prototype
CARL-9000 unit manufactured by Palmer Audio[6]. It was another example
of the utility of friends in high places; somebody owed Isaac a favor,
and as a result she got some useful equipment. "So, I'm on violin,
Morgan's on the stick, and you're on keyboards and vocals."

Naomi blinked a couple of times before giving Morgan an appraising
look. "Well, well. I knew there was a bloke named Morgan Cooper
playing the Chapman Stick on /Shattered Harmonies II/, but I didn't
think it would be /you/."

/Oh, no you don't./ Jealousy welled up, tasting to Christabel rather
like acid reflux. /He's mine./ Rather than be overtly possessive,
however, she kept her tone neutral. "Have you worked together before?"

"Not really," said Morgan. "I was working as a bouncer at a bar Naomi
frequently played." He turned away too slowly to keep the bright flush
of his embarrassment from Christabel's view. "I had a crush on
her. I'm over it, though."

/You'd better not be,/ Christabel thought as she turned to
Naomi. "Morgan and I are currently dating. That won't be a problem for
you, will it?"

"Please don't take this as judgment on you," said Naomi, and
Christabel suspected that what she'd say next would be precisely
that. "But when I'm in a band I don't date the other members. It
avoids a lot of unnecessary trouble."

"That works for me," said Morgan, but Christabel was sure that there
was something about his expression that suggested he was telling a
white lie.

Rather than call him on it, Christabel turned the conversation back to
business. "So, is there a piece we all know that we can run through
together?"

"Acid Rain." Morgan and Naomi glanced at one another as they realized
they had both suggested the same classic progressive metal
instrumental. Fortunately, it was one Christabel knew as well; she had
been surreptitiously listening to Morgan's favorite playlists since
before they had met.


#### Delivering The Goods

Rain on a warm summer night wasn't enough to spoil Christabel's
mood. If anything; she welcomed it. Tonight had been the first show of
the worldwide tour Crowley's Thoth had embarked upon to promote their
first album, /Prometheus Unbound/, which they had played at
Manhattan's Hellfire Club. It wasn't the largest of venues, but there
would be time enough for that. While they weren't headliners in their
own right, they got billing right under the main act and played their
sets before it but after the warm-up acts that people tried to boo off
the stage. Best of all, the headline act was VIVA, a symphonic metal
act from Gothenburg. They too had a soprano vocalist, but she didn't
have the range Naomi Bradleigh did.

/And thanks to me, she looks like a dumpy little frump compared to
Naomi./ Christabel savored the knowledge; as the band was gearing up
to release their debut album and embark on what Morgan had taken to
calling "Prometheus On Tour", she had enlisted the help of Elisabeth
Bathory and Tamara Gellion to design the outfits they would wear on
stage. She had designed for herself an elegant ballgown in burgundy,
while dressing Morgan and Naomi in tuxedos cut to display their
figures to advantage and hiding their faces behind ornate masques that
would not have been out of place at a Venetian carnival. Christabel
alone showed her face, standing front and center even though she did
not sing.

The only fly in the ointment was that VIVA had not arrived on
time. The tour bus had broken down, and the band had not arrived by
the time Crowley's Thoth had taken the stage. They still weren't there
when Christabel and the others had finished their set, and now the
venue's manager was in their shared dressing room. He wiped his brow
and wrung his hands as he tried to look Christabel in the eye. "I'm on
the spot here, Ms. Crowley. I know you've finished your set, but I've
got a crowd hyped up to see VIVA and they aren't here. I don't know
when they're going to get here, either."

"What would you have /me/ do about it?"

"How about an encore?"

Christabel narrowed her eyes. There was nothing in the contract about
an encore. They had a forty-five minute set, long enough to play the
tracks from /Prometheus Unbound/ that seemed to resonate most with
listeners streaming individual songs instead of buying entire
albums. They had padded out the set with updated selections from the
/Shattered Harmony/ albums with which Christabel had launched her
career as a classical-to-rock crossover artist. Even if they had
additional material rehearsed, there was the matter of payment. "Not
in our contract."

"I know. I don't have the budget to pay you extra right now, but what
if we can negotiate an additional contract with payment in ninety
days?"

"That seems fair to me," said Naomi. "But what if the headliners still
haven't arrived?"

The manager pressed a fingertip to his ear to indicate that he was
getting a message via his implant. He seemed to relax a bit. "I just
got word from VIVA's manager. They just got the bus moving again and
they'll be here in an hour. Of course, they'll need an hour after that
to get ready. I know an additional two-hour set is a lot, but—"

Morgan's smile was almost predatory. "Do you remember the fee you
negotiated for the forty-five minute set we just played?"

"Yeah."

"Quadruple it and you'll get your two hours."

Unable to believe what she was hearing, Christabel pinged Morgan over
the band's private group chat. «Have you gone 'round the bend? We
don't have enough material for a ten minute encore, let alone two
hours.»

Morgan's reply seemed to her that of a man who saw the point but
refused to acknowledge it. «We've got the public domain.»

«Live jam session?» Naomi piped up. «That could be fun.»

«We're not here to have /fun/,» texted Christabel. «We're professional
musicians, dammit. We did our job. Why should we have to go out and
improvise because the bloody headliners couldn't be bothered to show
up on time?»

Meanwhile, the manager was staring bug-eyed at Christabel. "Can't you
cut me a break on the fee?"

"Ever see an old Mafia flick called /GoodFellas/?" said Morgan.

"I have," said Naomi. Her voice had become a soft purr dripping
honeyed venom. "I know you've got a tight budget, but that's not our
problem."

"There's no way I can come up with that fee in sixty days and turn a
profit."

Feeling both Morgan and Naomi's eyes on her, Christabel threw her
weight behind theirs. "Fuck you. Pay us. And if sixty days pass
without us getting a check, I'll file the wage-theft complaint with
the Phoenix Society personally."

"T-T-That's not how business is done."

"It is with us," said Morgan. "While I'll not be the Adversary who
gets the case, the one who does will be no less merciless. An attack
on one is an attack on all."

"Day of wrath, day of burning, all your hopes to ashes turning," Naomi
sang her paraphrase of /Dies Irae/. To Christabel's chagrin, she had
improvised the melody on the spot.

"If you fuck us over," said Christabel, poking the manager's chest
with the tip of her bow. "Our next album will be your bloody
requiem. Now go deal with the stage crew and the crowd. We'll be out
in ten."

Once the manager had left, Christabel rounded upon her
band-mates. "Are you two utterly barking? What the hell are we
supposed to play out there?"

"Acid Rain," said Morgan.

"Orion," said Naomi.

"Hit 'em upside the head with Chopin's Revolutionary?"

"Ooh, fun. I'll do that first."

"It's just started raining, so I'll come out once you've finished the
Revolutionary and launch into Sweet Sweet Rain."

"And when I come out," asked Christabel.

"What about one of those Jean-Luc Ponty pieces you've been fiddling
with," said Morgan.

"But they're /metalheads/."

"So are we," said Morgan and Naomi in harmony.

"Will you stop doing that? It's creepy."

"Not like we do it on purpose," said Naomi.

"Fine. What should we play when I come out?"

"Go with some Malmsteen or Satriani," said Morgan. "Maybe the Far
Beyond the Sun or Ceremony?"

"I think I'll go with Unstoppable Momentum," said Christabel. While
the band might be her cover, rather than being her life as it so
obviously was for Morgan and Naomi, living up to her cover was a
matter of acting, and acting /was/ her life.

A few hours later, Christabel stood behind the Hellfire Club at the
entertainers' entrance. She stood with her face lifted skyward,
letting the rain cool her in its embrace without a care for what it
would do to her makeup or how it would most likely ruin her dress. It
didn't matter. She'd wear something different, something even better,
for the next show.

What mattered was that halfway through their second set, the crowd was
utterly theirs. They hadn't cared that the material they played wasn't
original. If anything, they had appreciated the breaks between pieces
in which Morgan or Naomi would share a bit about the piece they had
just played, educating the audience and exposing them to selections
from the public domain that often went forgotten in mass-market
compilations.

It was hardly the reaction Christabel had expected.

She turned as the door opened behind her. An auburn haired woman in a
little black dress stepped out, reached into her purse for a pack of
cigarettes, and offered one to Christabel, who waved it away. "No
thanks."

"Smart woman," said the other woman as she lit up. "This is one vice I
should leave behind; it's going to be murder on my voice. Not that I
ever had a shot at being as good as Naomi Bradleigh. How did you
manage to get /her/?"

"Just lucky, I guess." Christabel gave up on trying to place her
interlocutor. "Have we met?"

"Damn. I may have left my manners on the bus." The other woman offered
a hand. "I'm Victoria Valentine. Thanks for holding the crowd while we
were broken down. We got here in time for me to catch the end of your
set, and you three were crushing it."

Despite the cooling summer rain, Christabel flushed, and cursed
herself for her embarrassment. /Take the compliment, dammit./
"Thanks. You and VIVA were real troupers. I'm not sure what I would
have done in your position."

"I'm sure you would have done fine. It certainly wouldn't have
occurred to me to spend the night digging up relics like you did,
though. That last tune was an inspired choice. You really tore into
the violin part, and the way you three passed the lead around was so
smooth I could have sworn you'd been rehearsing it."

"Actually, that last number was Morgan's idea." There was no reason
not to give credit where it was due, in Christabel's opinion. Not when
there was plenty to go around. "We had started dating before I
realized how good a musician he is."

"Did he ever tell you about his day job?"

"No. Why would he?"

"He should have," said Victoria, as she reached into her purse. When
she withdrew it, she was holding a small black semiautomatic
pistol. "The enemies he makes could complicate your life."


#### Sweet Little Lies

Isaac had warned Christabel that she might eventually find herself
staring down the barrel of a gun. He had done what he could to prepare
her. He had taught her methods for disarming assailants armed with
pistols and other firearms. He had periodically tested her, though
always with advance warning. Despite his efforts she froze whenever
somebody pointed a weapon at her.

Though she knew she should be looking for a way out, all she could
focus on was the matte black pistol in Victoria's hand, and what she
had told her as she drew it. "It looks like my life has indeed gotten
complicated," said Christabel. She took a shuddering breath. "I
suppose you're one of Morgan's enemies. What did he do to you?"

"It won't matter to you since you'll be dead soon," said Victoria. She
had taken a two-handed grip on her pistol and stood with her feet
apart and her knees slightly bent. "Call Morgan. It's time /he/ lost
somebody he cared about for once."

Christabel slowly raised one of her hands, and pressed her fingertip
to her ear to indicate that she was using her implant. «Morgan, I'm
outside the entertainers' entrance with Victoria Valentine. She's
pointing a gun at me. Don't come after me. As soon as she sees you
she'll shoot me.»

«If I keep her waiting long enough she might shoot you anyway. Try to
keep calm. I'm on my way.»

Christabel lowered her hand, and forced herself to look at Victoria's
eyes instead of the muzzle of her gun. "He's coming."

Victoria's aim wavered as she took a deep breath. "I meant what I said
earlier. You three gave a brilliant performance. You could have been
one of the greats. But out of all the guitarists, you had to pick
/him/."

"What did he do to you?"

"Why do you care?"

Christabel shrugged. "So I can tell him why I'm haunting him."

"He killed my father."

"Oh, and now you're going to kill my girlfriend?"

Taking her eyes from the gun pointed at her had become the easiest
thing in the world. A few meters down the alley, Morgan stood unarmed,
his hands on his hips as he gazed contemptuously at Victoria. "Your
father had it coming, but if you love him that much despite everything
he did to you then shoot /me/."

"You don't think I won't?"

Morgan took a step forward. "I don't think you've got the nerve."

"He'd never so much as touched a sword in his life. He didn't have a
chance against you."

"He stole every milligram you ever earned as a child performer. He
defrauded hundreds of people who trusted him to manage their
retirement savings."

"The evidence was fabricated."

"The grand jury thought otherwise. They found the evidence solid
enough to justify issuing unanimous indictments on every charge
against him the Phoenix Society requested. When an Adversary came to
deliver the indictments and take him into custody, your father shot
him in the throat."

"Not another step!" Victoria all but shrieked her warning as she
finally turned the gun on Morgan. "Or so help me God I /will/ shoot
you."

Morgan's smile became predatory. He took another step forward. "Better
not miss."

"No!"

The pistol's roar drowned out Christabel's cry. The shot struck Morgan
between the eyes, and he staggered a step backward. He slumped
forward, and Christabel was sure he'd fall flat on his face. She was
sure she had seen him murdered, but he raised his head and met
Victoria's gaze. "Was that the best you could do?"

"I shot you in the /head/. How can you still be on your feet?"

"You think one bullet is enough for einherjar like me?" Morgan took
another step forward. "Try the whole magazine."

"You're insane."

"Look at me." Morgan touched the center of his brow where the bullet
had struck him. The flesh was pristine, as if he had never been
shot. "You've got six rounds left. Seven at most, if you came at me
with a full magazine plus one in the chamber. It won't be enough."

He was close enough to disarm her now. Instead, he grasped her wrist
and pressed the muzzle to the center of his chest. "Do your worst and
watch me get over it. Just like your miserable, embezzling excuse for
a father did."

"You enjoyed it, didn't you."

"Yeah, I enjoyed disappointing him. I took /inordinate/ pleasure in
hitting him upside the head with the pommel of my sword, bringing him
in alive, seeing him convicted, and personally escorting him to the
ship that carried him into exile."

"He's not dead?"

"No. He's on a penal habitat orbiting Uranus with the rest of the
assholes. He wasn't /worth/ killing, and neither are you."

Now incoherent with grief and rage, Victoria Valentine emptied her
pistol into Morgan's chest. Seven shots in close succession shattered
the still of the summer night, and though Morgan jerked as each shot
tore into him he kept his grip on his would-be murderer's wrists.

He released his grasp as the slide locked. Victoria staggered
backward, retching as the pistol slipped from her hands and clattered
against the pavement. Christabel herself wanted to vomit at the sight
of Morgan's wounds, which bled freely for a moment before beginning to
close. "I told you it wouldn't be enough," he said as he raised a hand
to strike her.

"That's quite enough." Christabel had not been the only one to say it,
and Morgan had not looked at her. Instead, he was looking at Naomi,
who stood in the doorway with her arms crossed, her disapproval plain
in her scarlet glare.

"There's no need to harm Ms. Valentine," said Naomi as she placed
herself between Morgan and his would-be murderer. "Police and
paramedics are on their way. Christabel, are you hurt too?"

"N-no." She checked herself over, unable to believe she was
unscathed. "What the hell just happened?"

"I provoked Ms. Valentine into firing upon me," said Morgan. "She was
determined to shoot somebody, and I figured that if somebody had to
get shot tonight it might as well be me since I can take it."

"You can take it?" Christabel stared aghast at him. His jacket and the
shirt beneath were bloody and tattered, but the flesh they once
covered was fresh and smooth, without the slightest scarring. "You've
got eight bullets in you. How can you still be standing?"

He took one of her hands in his; they were gentle with her whereas
they had held fast to his assailant's. "It'll be fine. I'll just spend
a couple of weeks pissing lead acetate."

"Absolutely not," said Naomi. "You're going to the hospital and
getting those slugs removed."

"I'm coming, too," said Christabel. Not that she wanted to spend the
night waiting for Morgan to come out of surgery, but what kind of
woman refused to wait for her boyfriend after he had taken gunfire
meant for her? Unfortunately, there was first the matter of giving a
statement to the police. While the Phoenix Society would prosecute the
attempted murder charge, since Victoria's attempts to deprive first
Christabel of her life without due process and then Morgan were
technically acts of tyranny, there were lesser charges that fell
within the NYPD's purview.

One of the patrolman on the scene had no trouble handcuffing her as
his partner secured her weapon for evidence and set about gathering up
the used shell casings. "Victoria Valentine, you're under arrest for
disorderly conduct, disturbing the peace, and reckless use of
firearms. You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say can be
used as evidence against you. You have the right to an attorney. If
you cannot afford one, you will be provided one at public expense. You
have the right to humane treatment while in custody. Do you understand
your rights as outlined?"

"I won't even answer that question without an attorney," said
Victoria, thus proving her understanding of her rights as one accused
of a crime.

By the time the police had finished getting Christabel's statement,
Morgan had come out of surgery and was resting in a recovery
room. Nobody at the hospital objected to her seeing him, even though
it was past visiting hours.

Though he looked almost fully recovered, he was still down and
Christabel meant to give him a good kicking. She had her orders, and
if she was right about the state of their relationship then it was
time to begin carrying them out. He paled as Christabel delivered the
four words whose speaking all sensible men feared. "We need to talk."

"I told you I'm an Adversary," said Morgan. "But I should have been
more explicit about what that might mean for you. I was wrong."

She shook her head and leaned over him. "You didn't tell me you
weren't human. What was it you called yourself? Einherjar? Is that why
Victoria couldn't kill you? Because you're already dead?"

"I'm as alive and as human as you." Taking her hand, Morgan pressed it
against his chest. She could feel his heart beating as she had
whenever she used him as a pillow. The flesh was warm beneath her
touch. "People like me are einherjar because we were made to be able
to stand alone against any threat. Each of us is an army of one."

"When were you going to tell me the truth about what you are?"

"I never wanted you to know, but I could bear neither to let you die
nor to kill in front of you. I saw no other way than to provoke her
into turning her gun on me."

"Did you have to let her shoot you?"

Morgan shook his head. "I could have dodged every bullet, but they had
to go /somewhere/. They were likely to hit /somebody/. I thought it
better to let them strike me than some innocent bystander behind me."

"Do you think you're a hero?"

"Everything I did, I did for myself. I became an Adversary because
Isaac Magnin promised he'd help me become a rock star if I did, and if
I agreed to take on certain dirty jobs for the Phoenix Society. If I
hadn't taken that deal, I might never have met you. We might never
have recorded together, or started Crowley's Thoth."

"And is that supposed to make everything all right?"

"Of course not. What do you want from me, Christabel? Was I supposed
to let Valentine shoot you?"

"I wanted you to /think shit through/. With a modicum of discretion
you might have prevented this entire situation. You sow dragon's teeth
for a living, and I get stuck with the harvest. I want no part of
it. I don't want to have to deal with you being some kind of
superhero. I don't want your enemies coming after me to get to
you. When you're with me, you're only human, do you understand me?"

Morgan's face had fallen, and he had winced at her words as if she had
whipped him with each. "I understand. You want to live a lie."

"If you can't deal with that, then I can't be with you. Nor can I work
with you."

"That would hurt Naomi, too."

She hated him for thinking of her, and doubted it was the first time
he had done so when he should have been thinking about
Christabel. "Never mind her. I could have been killed because of you,
and I've got to look out for myself if you won't look out for me."

A long moment passed before Morgan spoke again. "I'll do what it
takes. I suppose I should have taken on a stage name sooner."

"Yes, you should have. From now on, you'll get credited as Morgan
Stormrider." Christabel ignored the way he winced at the name. /Fuck
him,/ she thought. /If he wanted something less ridiculous he should
have come up with it himself before he started performing./ "It won't
be a perfect cover, since we already recorded Prometheus Unbound under
your official name, but we can change the credits for a reissue down
the line. I can make it stick better by making a big deal about
breaking up with you and firing you as Morgan Cooper, too."

"Whatever it takes," said Morgan, as if he had given up.

Christabel found Isaac Magnin waiting for her in the hospital
lobby. "Are you nuts? We can't be seen together."

"Remember who I am,", said Isaac. "You see me as I am. Everybody else
thinks you're with Naomi Bradleigh, and nobody can hear us."

"More of your sufficiently advanced technology?" Isaac had been
steadfast in his refusal to call it magic.

"Of course. Incidentally, Victoria Valentine sends her regards."

"Where is she?"

"In custody, but in a nice, comfy cell. We'll make a big show of her
trial, and then instead of shipping her off to Uranus to be with her
dad we'll give her a new identity, pay her, and send her off to
Armstrong City on Luna to start her new life."

Christabel nodded, pleased with the outcome. "Good. She really carried
off her part. I honestly thought she was gonna kill me."

"I was there the whole time," said Isaac. "I would not have let it
happen."


#### Second Fiddle

Though Christabel had read dozens of accounts of rock stars behaving
poorly while constructing her persona, she had never quite understood
why somebody might want to defenestrate a television, smash the
furniture, or pile up the bedding in the middle of the room and set it
alight. At least, she had never understood the urge before. The
journalists writing the accounts had put it down to drug abuse or
personality disorders on the musicians' part that had thus far gone
undiagnosed or untreated. Tonight, however, Christabel was beginning
to understand. The notion of ripping one of the displays out of the
wall and tossing it out a window seemed rather cathartic tonight.

It had been the roses. After every show, Morgan had made a point of
bringing her a dozen long-stemmed red roses and an equal number of
white roses. Red for love and white for respect. Nobody could fault
him that, least of all Christabel. It was the rose she had found on
one of Naomi's keyboards during soundcheck that had been the
problem. It was burgundy tipped with black, and had a bow of green
satin ribbon edged with black lace tied about the stem. /Green to
match his eyes,/ Christabel had thought at the time, and crushed the
bloom beneath her heel.

She had thought it a spiteful gesture at the time, born of a moment of
pique, and had regretted it immediately afterward. She did not regret
it now. Not after the show they had put on tonight. Crowley's Thoth
still wasn't a headliner, but to be invited to play at the Winter
Solstice charity benefit concert in London at the Royal Albert Hall
was an opportunity few headliners received. They had shared the bill
with thirteen other bands, among them Poseidon's Wake, Seiten Taisei,
Doctor Strangelove, Tartarus, Esbern Snare and the Northern
Werewolves, Charn, and Keep Firing, Assholes.

Nothing had gone wrong with the performance. That much Christabel
could not deny. If anything, Morgan and Naomi were better than ever,
especially during the impromptu jam sessions that had become a
Crowley's Thoth trademark. One of them would come up with a riff, and
then the other would improve upon it. In fairness, they tried to
include Christabel but she would never be the improvisational musician
the others were. The training she had gotten from Tamara in
performance and composition had not prepared her to keep up with them,
and the only way in which she could contribute was to provide the
theme on which Morgan and Naomi developed variations together.

There was that damnable word 'together' again, Christabel thought as
she paced in front of the hotel room's two queen-sized beds. The
double had been her idea; while not sharing a room with Morgan would
have raised questions, she could no longer bear to share a bed with
him. /It's not like we bother with sex any longer,/ she thought. /I
bet he was relieved when I told him I wasn't really into it even
though he at least tried not to show it./

On impulse, Christabel picked up one of the vases of roses Morgan had
given her, and hurled it sidearm at the door to her room. It opened,
and the vase slowed to a stop in midair.

Isaac Magnin took the vase and set it down atop the dresser before
closing the door behind him. "You seem upset."

"Morgan and Naomi are fucking. I'm almost sure of it."

Isaac shook his head. "I have real-time A/V feeds on all of the
einherjar. I would know if he and my daughter were together as surely
as I know what kind of pornography each of my einherjar enjoy when
they're alone."

"Well, he isn't interested in /me/ any longer. I thought he'd mope
when I cut him off. I thought he'd make a show of scratching his own
itch in front of me to show he didn't need me. I thought he'd dump
me. But he's practically the ideal boyfriend."

"Is he now?"

"Oh, he's sweet, he's gentle, he seems to think the world of me, he
isn't demanding, and he's always up for whatever I want." Unable to
resist needling the sorcerer a little, she asked, "Are you /sure/ you
don't also run Stepford Robotics? I've treated him like shit for a
year, and he just takes it. I'm tempted to tie him up, gag him, and
put him over my knee just to see how much of a sub he really is."

Isaac chuckled as he sat down on one of the beds. "Elisabeth had told
me you had taken an interest in some of the BDSM workshops and that
you were a domme by temperament. What's stopping you?"

"He might enjoy it /too/ much," said Christabel. "I'm not here for my
own gratification. I'm here because you're paying me to do a job for
you. You wanted me to torture him, to make his life outside his duties
as an Adversary as miserable as possible."

"But he keeps finding ways to be happy despite you."

Christabel sighed, relived that Isaac understood her difficulty
instead of blaming her. "Even if he doesn't have his head between
Naomi's legs, just being near her seems to be enough for him. The way
they play when we're onstage, the duets they perform together. It's a
flirtation that nobody seems to notice but me. I can't believe they're
content with that."

If the thought of his daughter being serviced by one of the androids
he had created bothered Isaac, he did not let it show. "So when you
found the rose Morgan had left on Naomi's keyboard before the show—"

"It /had/ been him? I suspected it at first, but had almost conned
myself into thinking that maybe somebody in the road crew with a crush
might have left it."

Isaac shook his head. "It was him. It was something he had done once
as a much younger man, and she had caught him at it. He did it again,
perhaps because it was the only sign of his continuing regard for her
he dares allow himself."

She relaxed a little. "So, I /am/ getting to him. He'd rather be with
her, but doesn't dare admit to anybody but himself. Where /is/ he,
anyway?"

"He's where you should be, doing for my daughter what he should be
doing for you. He's escorting Naomi at the after party while you're
sitting alone in your room moping."

"Is he dancing with her?" Though she realized she was torturing
herself by asking such questions, it was impossible to resist.

"He and Naomi have been chatting and swapping stories with the other
musicians. Also, a few of London's beautiful people thought they
recognized Morgan in his official capacity, but Morgan is behaving
himself and insisting that it's a matter of close resemblances and
mistaken identities." Isaac paused a moment, and cocked his
head. "Seriously, though. What kind of ridiculous stage name is
'Morgan Stormrider', anyway?"

Christabel shrugged. "It was supposed to be ridiculous. Nobody's
supposed to take him seriously. Not with a name like /that/. But he
just winks and nods, and says it's just rock 'n roll, all in fun."
Lowering her voice as if to confess a dire secret, she added. "He's
taken to putting an umlaut over each 'o' when he signs autographs. If
you tell him it changes the pronunciation, he insists its
traditional. The man's incorrigible."

"Frustrated, are we?" Isaac's tone was one of gentle mockery as he
produced a small package out of nowhere. It was wrapped in shimmering
white paper and bound with blue ribbon in an elaborate bow. "I suppose
it's a good thing I came by. I had a present for you, you see. Joyous
Solstice."

"Thank you." Christabel accepted the gift with the gratitude and
happiness of one who had otherwise been neglected. This was not truly
the case; Morgan and Naomi had both given her gifts though she had not
done the same for them. However, Christabel had wanted nothing of
them. Morgan was her target, and Naomi an unwitting pawn. It seemed
somehow wrong to accept gifts of her victims, and so they lay unopened
in her suitcase until she could discreetly dispose of them. Isaac's
gift was different. He was her benefactor, the best friend she had
ever had. Her only regret was that she had nothing of value to offer
as a gift to him.

"Please open it," said Isaac.

Beneath the ribbons and wrapping paper was a box. Within the box was a
small leather-bound photo album. Inside the album were pictures of a
blue-eyed white kitten engaged in a variety of kittenish adventures
involving yarn, brown paper bags, houseplants, and baskets of freshly
dried laundry. Christabel looked up from the album at Isaac. "Is this
a joke?"

Isaac shrugged. "Elisabeth and Tamara thought you might appreciate
some of my baby pictures."

"That sounds more like Elisabeth's sense of humor. Tamara's idea of a
joke is an anecdote about some dead European composer. Did she really
know Mozart?"

"Not really. He just grabbed her bottom at a party and told her to
lick his arse clean after she objected to the liberties he had taken."

While that sounded like something the composer might do, Christabel
doubted Tamara's reaction. This was an immortal sorceress who had
responded to a purse snatcher in Central Park by calling down
lightning from a clear blue sky to strike the ground directly in front
of him, and then striking the same spot twice more to ensure he got
the message. "How did Mozart survive that encounter?"

"He didn't, but Tamara never told me how she managed to conceal her
hand in his demise or how she deflected suspicion onto Antonio
Salieri. However, she's had tens of thousands of years in which to
learn subtlety."

Laying aside the album of Isaac's baby pictures, Christabel took
another look at the box in which it had come. "There's something else
in here."

"That's the true gift."

Opening the inner box, she found a black velvet choker. The little
pentagram charm was made of a metal she could not recognize. It was
almost black, and glittered in the light more like crystal than a
proper metal. "What is this?"

"A material alien to this earth and as yet unknown to human
science[7]. I've bound a pattern to it that will keep you
safe. Here. Turn around."

As she complied, and faced the mirror, Isaac took the choker from her
and fastened it about her neck. The charm hung over the hollow of her
throat. "It's beautiful."

"Tell anybody who asks that it's an heirloom created by one of your
ancestors, Aleister Crowley. You inherited it on your twenty-first
birthday."

"That was back in October, though."

"Would your family have shipped something so valuable to New York?"

"I suppose not," said Christabel, wondering what she might wear with
it. "You know, it's not too late to go to the after party. If we hurry
we can get there before midnight."

"We?"

Christabel turned to Isaac. "I want /you/ to escort me. I want Morgan
to see me with you. I want him to see me kissing you beneath that
mistletoe-wreathed chandelier everybody avoids."

Isaac had become thoughtful. "It would cause a small scandal."

"What's Morgan going to say when he's been with Naomi all night?"

"Is this only about hurting him?" Isaac almost sounded pensive.

It was a mood in which she had never seen him, and something pulled at
her, demanding that she give him the truth. However, admitting her
reasons would mean admitting what she had seen when she was still
becoming Christabel Crowley. One sleepless night, she had wandered the
halls of the Garden of Earthly Delights. There was almost always
something to see if one's curiosity tended toward the prurient, and
Christabel's often did when sleep eluded her.

On that particular night, she had wandered into the ruins of the old
chapel on the castle grounds. It had become a garden after the roof
had deteriorated to the point of being a lattice that offered only
token resistance against the elements. She had found Isaac and
Elisabeth together in the chapel; he had spread her across the
long-disused and surely desecrated altar and was taking her as if it
were a sacrament, using her for his own gratification while allowing
himself to be used.

The sight of his unbound frost-blonde hair shimmering in the moonlight
as he threw his head back had seared itself into her memory. "No. It's
also about what /I/ want."

All eyes were on Christabel and her escort once they arrived at the
after-party. They surely made a study in contrasts with her a brunette
in a long, slinky black dress and him a pale blonde in white. She had
made a point of showing off Isaac to everybody who might possibly
matter: celebrities, officials, and the rest of the Beautiful People
who showed up at events like this to see, be seen, and—most
importantly of all—make a public show of their generosity and virtue.

A model whose name escaped Christabel gave Isaac a once-over. "Trading
up, I see. Going from rocker to CEO?"

"I'm just doing Christabel a favor. She's a family friend who found
herself without an escort after being rather generous to one of her
band-mates."

Allowing herself a small smile, Christabel added. "Naomi wasn't able
to get a date on her own, so I lent her Morgan so she wouldn't have to
make do with a rent boy."

The model seemed shocked for a moment, but quickly hid it behind a
razor-sharp smile. "Oh, so /that's/ what happened?"

"That's what happened." Leaning forward, Christabel whispered in the
model's ear, "The problem with dating rock musicians is that they've
so little to offer once the fast fingers and hot licks get tiresome."

"Still," said the model's girlfriend, "Aren't you worried Morgan might
decide he prefers Naomi?"

Christabel shrugged. "I'm pretty sure he already does, but if he can't
keep it in his pants then he's as replaceable as she is. I do feel a
little sorry for Nims, though. It's tragic enough to look the way she
does, but her personality is as cold as her coloring. But I suppose
some blokes like the idea of melting glaciers a kiss at a time."

Once they were away, Christabel leaned close to Isaac. "What I said
about Naomi is part of the act. Are you angry with me?"

"You're doing as you think best. The talk you've started will get
around, and eventually get back to Morgan and Naomi. Even if he can
shrug off what people say about him, what he hears said about her will
most likely cut deeper." He sighed. "I understand why you're doing it,
but I don't care much for it.

"I'm sorry. I'm hurting Naomi to hurt Morgan, but I should have
realized I'd be hurting you too."

"I set you on this course," said Isaac, the pensive mood on him
again. "And it is nothing compared to what I've done to her."

"It's almost midnight. Time to make our scene."

He looked up at the grand clock that ticked away the seconds opposite
the entrance. "Indeed."

Christabel made her way toward the center of the ballroom with Isaac
on her arm. The black tie sea parted around them in whispers as she
placed herself beneath the mistletoe. Resting her hands on Isaac's
shoulders, she waited until she could look past him to see Morgan and
Naomi. Let them play second fiddle for once. As the clock struck
midnight, she pressed her lips to Isaac's.

He drew her into his arms then, one hand unpinning her chestnut hair
as the other rested against the small of her back. His kiss tasted of
champagne and chocolate despite his abstention from the food and drink
on offer, and it was all she could do to keep from losing herself in a
sensation she had never experienced with Morgan. Grasping at what
control remained to her, she broke the kiss to whisper in his
ear. "Use me like I saw you use Elisabeth. When I go to Morgan
tonight, I want him to smell you on me. I want him to taste you in my
kiss. I don't want you because it will hurt him. I want you because it
will please me."


#### Keeping Up Appearances

Christabel was still fuming as she and Morgan walked the last couple
of blocks from the Crouch End tube station to Naomi Bradleigh's
house. He had not reacted to the scene she had made with Isaac Magnin
at the after party for Winter Solstice at the Royal Albert Hall as she
expected him to, and when he had come back to find her replete from
her lovemaking with Isaac, all he had done was ask her if she had
enjoyed herself.

She half-suspected he was planning to make a scene at Naomi's house,
where they were going to a private and belated Solstice
celebration. It's what she would have done were their positions
reversed. Hoping to forestall any such eventuality, she stopped a few
doors short. "Not a word about last night when we get to Naomi's."

"We already said everything that needed to be said."

"I know you're angry with me."

"The last time I was this angry with somebody, I burned every bridge I
had with my family. I thought I had something good going with you and
with Crowley's Thoth, and I don't want to throw it away, but every
word I hear out of you makes it harder."

"We should have had this fight in the room before we left."

"I don't want to fight with you," said Morgan, his voice taking on an
edge that discomforted her. "Look: I'm happy to be your faithful,
supportive boyfriend for the fans as long as you keep your affair with
Isaac backstage instead of making a public spectacle of it."

"How gracious of you to act like you have a choice in the matter." It
was pure bluff on her part; she fully understood her position. Morgan
still wanted to be part of the band more than he wanted to be free of
her, but if that changed she would have no other hold on him. It
occurred to Christabel that he might be staying for Naomi's sake as
well; she remembered what Naomi had said about every band she joined
falling apart around her and suspected he did as well, but if Morgan
remembered that Naomi was a big girl and could take care of herself,
then he had no reason to stay at all.

/What's to stop them from starting their own band?/ The question had
begun to nag at Christabel halfway through Prometheus On Tour, as one
performance after another showed that while Christabel might have
founded the band the two she had considered her sidemen were more
truly the heart of the band than she. /How long can I keep him from
figuring out that he doesn't need me?/

"You coming, or what?" She looked up and saw that Morgan had stopped
ten meters ahead, and had turned around to wait for her. He stood with
one hand on his hip, still holding a bag of gifts, tapping his left
foot. "It's not that much farther."

"I'm coming," said Christabel. Gathering up her own bag, she tried to
run to him and catch up. She struck a small patch of black ice and
stumbled, one of her feet slipping out from under her. Sure she was
about to eat pavement, she drew in a breath to scream.

"I've got you," said Morgan as she stopped short, caught in his
embrace. After helping her back to her feet, he took her bag along
with his. "You could have walked. I would have waited."

"You could have let me fall." The knowledge of how close she had been
to a painful and possibly disfiguring injury hit her. "If you had been
only human, I'd probably be missing some teeth right now."

"Probably."

"Why did you save me after I demanded you hide what you are around
me?"

A small shrug. "I don't know why you've come to hate me, but I wasn't
so desperate for you to have a reason that I'd just stand there. And I
wasn't going to let you get hurt just because you've hurt me. That's
not who I want to be."

"I-" Christabel's mind stuttered as his words hit her. "I don't hate
you. I never did. But I don't know if I ever really loved you."

"Do you want us to be over? Do you want me to leave the band?"

"I don't know." He was offering her an out, she realized. If she said
yes to the first question, then they wouldn't be together any
longer. But he had asked about the band separately, as if to imply
that he was willing to stay on with Crowley's Thoth even if they
weren't lovers. "Are you offering to let me go while still staying
with the band?"

Rather than answer immediately, he stared up into the leaden sky as
snow began to fall again in fat white flakes that began to melt as
they caught in his hair. It made him seem almost innocent, and a
moment Christabel imagined she saw the ghost of the boy he had
been. "I can be content with that if you can," said Morgan.

"I don't know," said Christabel. "I need time to think about it."

"All right," said Morgan, but there was something in his expression
that said to her that she'd better think it through with greater care
than she had used thus far.

It wasn't Naomi who opened the door when they arrived. Instead, a tall
young woman with green eyes and auburn hair that fell in waves to her
shoulders greeted them. She was wearing a Crowley's Thoth t-shirt over
faded jeans and leather boots with bubblegum pink laces. She lowered
her amber-tinted glasses to give Christabel a once-over before
lingering over Morgan. "One of the tall, dark, and brooding types? My
favorite." She turned back to Christabel. "Mind if I borrow him for an
hour?"

Before Christabel could say anything, Naomi's voice rang out from
somewhere inside. "Dammit, Claire. Please let my guests in /before/
you flirt with them."

"Sorry," said Claire, not looking even a little chastened as she
stepped back to let them in. "You must be Christabel and Morgan. I'll
take your coats since Auntie Nims doesn't trust me to help in the
kitchen."

"Thanks," said Christabel as Morgan helped out of her long faux-mink
coat. "Please use a wooden hanger."

Claire complied, smirking all the while.

"I don't recall Naomi mentioning a niece," said Morgan as he shrugged
off his pea coat and accepted the hanger Claire offered.

"Nor I," said Christabel.

"Kind of an honorary position," said Claire. "My real aunt Jackie and
Nims are besties, and Jackie says I'm too much to handle on her own."

For some reason this didn't surprise Christabel. In her opinion, one
she knew better than to voice, the girl needed a diet and some
deportment lessons at the Garden of Earthly Delights. "Do you flirt
with your aunt's boyfriend, too?"

Claire blew a raspberry at her. "I flirt with almost
/everybody/. Hell, I'd flirt with you if you didn't look like you had
planet Arrakis crammed up your arse, sandworms and all."

Christabel glanced at Morgan, who was doing an admirable job of faking
a coughing fit. "Did any of that make sense to /you/?"

"Unfortunately."

"Come on," said Claire. "Everybody's inside."

Everybody turned out to be Naomi, a petite blonde in slacks and a pale
blue cardigan hiding behind a battered copy of /The Unix Programming
Environment/, a grizzled old campaigner who looked to have decades of
hard drinking and harder living under his belt, and a fluffy tuxedo
cat with pale blue eyes.

The old man nodded to Morgan as if he recognized him, and Morgan
returned the courtesy. /Oh, shit,/ thought Christabel as she finally
placed the face. /That's Edmund Cohen./

"Oi, Josse," said Claire. "The whole damn band's here."

The other girl carefully closed her book and laid it aside. Standing
up, she offered a slim hand to Christabel. "'Ello. I'm Josefine
Malmgren. I'm Claire's roommate."

"You're a computer science student, aren't you?" Naomi had brought out
a steaming teapot and began pouring.

"That's right." Josefine shot a sidelong glance Morgan's way. "Maybe I
shouldn't talk about what inspired me."

"Thanks," said Morgan as he accepted a mug from Naomi. After a sip, he
turned his attention to the shy blonde. "Was it Project Einherjar?"

"How did you know?"

Suspecting she knew where the conversation would go, Christabel shot
Morgan an angry text. «When you're with me you're only human,
remember?»

"I've talked with a few techies at my day job," said Morgan. "Many of
them hoped to get into AI research because they read about the
project."

Glad Morgan had deftly handled the situation, Christabel tried her own
tea, and nearly choked on it when a message came from Morgan. «A
little credit, please.»

"Dinner will be a couple of hours yet," said Naomi as she sat down
with her own tea. Cocking her head to one side, she watched as the cat
climbed into Morgan's lap, danced about while kneading with its
fore-paws, and settled in for a nap. His purring filled the
room. "Wait. That's not /my/ cat. Phantom doesn't purr that loudly."

"Sorry about that," said Edmund. "Desdinova fobbed him off on me. Said
he was allergic."

"So, why did you bring him here?"

"Well," Edmund said with an exaggerated drawl. "I figured Morgan
hasn't been getting enough pussy lately."

Both Morgan and Josefine almost choked on their tea. Claire, however,
favored Christabel with a saucy smile before kneeling beside
Morgan. "Mind if I pet your pretty pussy?"

Looking down at the cat in his lap, Morgan sighed. "I think I belong
to the cat rather than the other way around." He scratched behind its
lynx-pointed ears. "What should I call you, little fluff?"

The little fluff blinked blue eyes up at him. "Meow?"

"How about Mordred?" Claire suggested the name as she let the cat
sniff her fingers and then rub his face against them. "That's a pretty
metal name for a black cat."

"Meow."

"You're a talker, ain'tcha."

"Mrrrrp?"

"I suppose Mordred will do," said Morgan. He looked at Edmund. "He's
fixed and fully grown, right?"

"Nope. Mordred there is still just a kitten. Ain't gonna be big enough
to neuter for another three months, and he's gonna get bigger."

"How much bigger will Mordred get," Naomi wondered as her own cat, a
short-haired tuxedo tom with a white patch covering the right side of
his face, sauntered in and rubbed against her shins. Mordred, seeing
the other cat, immediately leaped from Morgan's lap to pounce on
Phantom. Once he had the other cat in a headlock, Mordred began
washing him. Phantom tried to endure the younger cat's assault
graciously, looking up at Naomi for rescue the whole time. "He already
looks full-grown."

"He's gonna get much bigger," said Edmund, and looked at
Christabel. "You could sic him on the groupies trying to get a piece
of Morgan while you're off with Isaac Magnin."

"Eddie, I appreciate the support but this isn't your fight. I've
already made my feelings plain to Christabel."

"Wow," said Claire, staring at Christabel. "I can't believe there are
women who aren't creeped out by that guy. Didn't anybody tell you that
white-haired bishounen are not to be trusted?"

"This is none of our business," said Josefine, trying to hide her
flush behind her book. "And is it really appropriate to talk about
this at a belated Winter Solstice celebration?"

"Not really," said Naomi. Reaching under the tree, she retrieved a
couple of packages. She handed one each to Claire and Josefine. They
had looked heavy to Christabel, but Naomi barely showed any strain. "I
hope you like yours. Claire told me a little about you."

A squeal of delighted surprise erupted from Josefine as she tore open
the wrapping paper to reveal a box of leather-bound books. Each one
bore the name Donald Knuth on the spine. She blinked at Naomi, seeing
that Claire had received a set of books on espionage and information
security. "This is a complete set of /The Art of Computer
Programming/. How did you find this?"

"Oh, I have my ways," said Naomi. "I'm glad you like it."

"Like it? This has to be the best Solstice gift I've ever gotten. But
now I feel terrible about the gift Claire and I got you."

"It can't be worse than mine," said Morgan. He had retrieved his bag,
and passed out a small parcel each to Claire, Josefine, and
Edmund. "Sorry you're all getting the same thing. Naomi told me she
might have other guests over, but didn't give me much in the way of
details."

"Whoa. Bootlegs of the Winter Solstice show at the Royal Albert Hall."
Claire stared at Morgan. "Who did you blow to get these?"

"Dammit, Claire." Naomi and Josefine said it at the same time, both
women equally exasperated. For his part, Morgan merely smiled and held
a fingertip to his lips. "A gentleman never tells."

"Hey, Nims, this guy's a keeper. He takes it like a man."

"So glad you approve," said Naomi. Sitting beside Morgan, she gave him
a quick hug and pressed a large package into his hands. "Please don't
be embarrassed by this. I know it's extravagant."

Once he had gotten through the wrapping paper and opened the box,
Morgan lifted out a black greatcoat. Fingering the material, he stared
at Naomi. "This is graphene. With ceramic plates sewn into the
lining."

"I can't stop you from taking a bullet for somebody who isn't worth
it," said Naomi, looking squarely at Christabel as she did so, "But I
want you to think of me as you wear this and remember that there /are/
people who care about you."


#### Half a Loaf

Christabel wanted nothing more than to get out from under the lights
the photographers had insisted on setting up for the interview. It was
the first media appearance of the new year for Crowley's Thoth, an
opportunity to make a strong start and promote their work. This
knowledge did nothing for Christabel's mood, which had been poor ever
since Naomi had conned her into helping her wash the dinner dishes the
day after Winter Solstice.

"I could help instead," said Morgan at the time, but Naomi had shaken
her head. "I want a few minutes alone with Christabel. Girl talk."

Naomi had waited until they had gotten a rhythm of washing, drying,
and stacking going before beginning her interrogation. Rather than
depend on the water to mask their voices, she opened a text chat. «Why
are you and Morgan fighting?»

«We haven't been.»

«Of course not,» said Naomi. «You decided on the spur of the moment to
have Isaac Magnin escort you to the after party, and then stood
beneath the mistletoe chandelier in front of a thousand of the
beautiful people and snog him while Morgan and I watched.»

«It's none of your business.»

«Like hell. I told you both when I auditioned that I didn't care much
for romantic entanglements between members of a band, but I didn't
explain why because I figured you were smart enough to figure it out
on your own. I've seen bands founded by lovers fall apart when the
founders fell out of love. So, what happened between you and Morgan?
Is he cruel to you?»

«No,» said Christabel. That much she had to admit. «But he just
doesn't do it for me, you know?»

«Have you tried to talk to him about it?»

«No, because he'd try to do better and /that's the problem/. He tries
too hard. He cares too much. I can't respect him as a man. Not when
he's a meat puppet determined to become a real boy.»

«If you broke up with him because of that, I'd understand. I'd figure
you were doing Morgan a favor. But the way you're carrying on has got
to end.»

«He asked me if I wanted to break up. Then he asked me if I wanted him
to leave the band. Like he'd stay with the band even if we weren't
seeing each other.»

«I think he would,» said Naomi. Rather than hand the carving knife to
Christabel, she dried it herself and put it away. It was, Christabel
would think later on, a rather pointed statement concerning the trust
that existed between them. «If he had to kill somebody on the job, he
never bothered you about it. I've seen him get up on stage and play
even though he had just come back from a mission where he'd gotten
shot. He's always been there for the band. He's a trouper, and both a
better man and a better musician than you deserve.»

«And why should I care what /you/ think?»

«It's simple. He's the only reason I'm still here. If he leaves, I'll
follow. I don't think he realizes this, and I'm within a hair of
telling him.» Naomi paused a moment, looking Christabel in the
eye. «But I might just kiss him senseless first.»

«You wouldn't dare.» At least, Christabel hoped she wouldn't. She had
been acting on the assumption that Naomi only saw Morgan as a friend
at best, and that any romantic or sexual attraction between the two
was on his part. Naomi wanting Morgan for herself would change
everything.

Naomi shook her head, and dried another knife. «I have not dared, for
the band's sake. I think that even Isaac Magnin deserves better than
you, but while you might be a more reprehensible person than he is
you're a better violinist than you give yourself credit for
being. It's not your fault that Morgan and I seem to outshine you, and
I don't blame you for being jealous. I just blame you for not talking
with us about it like an adult and a professional.»

«If I let him go, won't he just try to get into your pants?»

«He's not that kind of guy. If he was, I wouldn't want him for
myself.»

Christabel almost dropped the dry plate she had kept wiping for want
of something better to do, «Wait. You want him as much as he wants
you, but you're not going to do anything about it for the good of the
band? Don't tell me you dedicated enough to go celibate.»

«Of course not. There might not be other people for Morgan, but that's
his business. I can make do with others until he either realizes he
doesn't need you at all or you get tired of standing in our shadows.»

After stacking her plate atop the others, Christabel dropped her towel
at Naomi's feet. «I'm not giving up on /my/ band, and I'm not giving
up Morgan either. If I want to fuck other men behind his back, I
will. If I want to fuck other men in front of him, I will. If he can't
deal with that, then he can get the hell out of both my life and the
band. He doesn't get half a loaf. He can bloody well take what I give
him and like it.»

With that, Christabel had left Naomi's house. She would have stopped
only long enough to get her coat if Edmund Cohen hadn't gotten in her
way.

The old man gave her a slow, contemptuous once-over before leaning in
close. He kept his voice low so that the other guests would not hear
him. "I've got a bullet with your name on it, /Annelise Copeland/. If
you ever break Morgan's heart again, I'll tell him everything I know
about you so that he understands why I killed you."

"You're just an old drunk."

"Ask Isaac Magnin about me next time you two are in bed together. Ask
him if I've ever missed." He then stepped aside, letting her go. His
mocking "Joyous Solstice, Chrissy!" echoed after her as she fled
Naomi's house for the tube station that would bring her back to the
hotel.

Though Edmund Cohen's threat had left her shaken, she had not dared
call Isaac Magnin at first. Instead, she had reached out to Elisabeth
Bathory, who had done nothing to allay her fears. Instead, she had
said, "I've seen him shoot. He's a virtuoso marksman, and you are
right to fear him."

She had not seen either Morgan or Naomi again until today. The record
label had arranged this interview with /Metal Fatigue/, a music news
broadcast that reached the entire inhabited solar system.

A reporter named Alice Talbot was giving the interview, and Naomi had
not been pleased to hear about it. /I wonder what sort of history
those two have./ It had nothing to do with her, though. All that
mattered was recovering from what she now considered the mistakes she
made on Winter Solstice.

At least Talbot seemed inclined to start with easy
questions. "Christabel, last year Crowley's Thoth released /Prometheus
Unbound/ and completed a whirlwind tour of Europe, North America, and
Japan before returning to London for Winter Solstice. What do you have
planned for the band next?"

"We need a month or two to rest, but after that it'll be back to the
studio to write and record another album. Naturally, another tour will
follow. There were so many cities we didn't get to visit, and we don't
want to neglect any of our fans."

"Some critics suggest that Crowley's Thoth is a better when playing
other people's material than they are at writing their own."

"We don't write or play for the critics," said Christabel. "We write
and play for ourselves, first and foremost. Anybody who enjoys our
music is welcome to it. The rest are welcome to ignore us; we're happy
to return the courtesy."

"In fairness to the critics," said Morgan. "Rock operas and concept
albums are something of an acquired taste. Much of what we play live
to fill out our set lists are time-tested classics in the public
domain, and you don't need any background in Romantic poetry to bang
your head to 'Mr. Roboto', 'Cat People', or even 'Ashes are Burning'."

"Who decides what songs you play live?"

"We each have an extensive repertoire, and we rehearse a wide variety
of pieces," said Naomi. "Since we use our implants to connect to a
private IRC server via SSH, we can communicate by text in real time
while we're performing and pick songs to suit our audience. For
example, in Paris we performed a few Jacques Brel and Edith Piaf
numbers, but in Tokyo we selected a few hits by Loudness, Versailles,
and X-Japan."

"Whose idea were the duets?"

"Mine," said Christabel, which was the regrettable truth. The
instrumentals Morgan and Naomi both knew were one thing, but one day
during rehearsal Christabel had stepped out, and Naomi had started
performing "The Phantom of the Opera" and had cajoled Morgan into
singing the Erik to her Christine. /To think I encouraged them just
because I was surprised that Morgan had turned out to be a decent
tenor./ "Morgan and Naomi might play like demons, but I'm only human
and sometimes I need a break."

"It seems like you needed a break from Morgan offstage, too,"
suggested Alice. "Or was it because Naomi had come between the two of
you? It wouldn't be the first relationship she's broken up." She
turned her gaze on Naomi, as if challenging her to respond.

"Christabel had not been up to attending the after party, and Morgan
had been kind enough to not let me be the band's sole
representative. We were there for business, not pleasure."

"Naomi's trying to shoulder some of the blame," said Christabel as
Morgan opened his mouth to speak. When he closed it again she
continued. "But I heard from people I trust that Morgan was a complete
gentleman with her. It was my choice to overreact and try to hurt him
by cheating on him with Isaac Magnin. I'm paying for it now. Morgan
and I have stopped seeing each other, but he was gracious enough to
remain with Crowley's Thoth."


#### Deadlocked

Once Isaac had returned from his turn in the bathroom, Christabel
snuggled close to him and pulled the blankets over them. Resting her
head on his shoulder, she idly traced his jawline as he pulled her
closer to him to keep her warm. She knew better than to mistake it for
love, but it was close enough to suit her. "I don't know what else to
do. The only hold I have on Morgan is through the band. I may have
fouled things up."

"That might not be the case. Morgan won't pursue Naomi because it will
break up the band. But he won't leave the band as long as she's
there. Whether or not the two of you date is immaterial at this
point."

"The fans don't care much for it though. Morgan's been playing the
sensitive, understanding bloke who loves me enough to let go. Do you
see the shit he's been saying? 'We had our time, it ended, and trying
to cling to a love that had run its course was my mistake. I don't
blame Christabel.'" She had almost gagged the first time she had read
that. It had been a response to a question asked of Morgan by a men's
periodical that had such a low circulation that she had been sure it
had not been worth his time.

"He's either smart enough to figure out how to deal with you on his
own, or he's smart enough to recognize good advice when it's on
offer," said Isaac. "You tried to justify the scene we made by
accusing him of abandoning you for Naomi. He's made himself out to be
the injured party—which of course he is—but he's been punctilious in
refraining from recrimination."

"So, everybody thinks I'm the bitch."

"You're not without your moments, my dear, but that is why I pay you."

Resisting the impulse to grab a pillow and hit him with it, she
pinched one of his nipples instead, enjoying the resulting
gasp. "Fine. What am I supposed to do with him?"

"You need not do anything," said Isaac. "He won't leave the band
because he knows you won't keep my daughter if he does. He won't try
to pursue Naomi because he knows you'll shut down the band if he
tries. What he doesn't know is that the only reason Naomi sticks
around is for his sake. As long as this remains the case he's
deadlocked."

"And the shit people are saying about me and the band on the network?"

"You have a couple of options. You could publicly shrug it off as
haters hating, or you could put your acting skills to use and make a
show of contrition. Apologize to Morgan, make a big public scene, tell
him that you haven't stopped loving him, and beg him to
reconcile. Even if his heart isn't in it, you might be able to place
him in a position where his own sense of romance and his own
compassion will compel him to return to your side. At the very least,
he might do it for the fans. Did he not say that he'd help you
maintain the pretense of an artsy romance for the fans as long as you
were discreet with your paramours?"

"Yes, he did. But suppose we make a show of our reconciliation and he
lets me string him along so the fans think everything's come up roses
again. What's your endgame here? You want me to torture him, and I'm
doing my best. I'm even torturing Naomi, too. When they find out that
your my boss and not just my paramour they'll both hate your
guts. That might serve your purposes, but..." Unsure of what to say,
she snuggled closer to Isaac and closed her eyes as his scent
permeated her.

"Have you come to like them?"

"I regret what I'm doing to them, and that they'll never know that I
actually respect them as musicians and as people. And they should be
together. They're good for each other."

"What if I told you that the adversity you provide is strengthening
their bond?" He turned her onto her side and began to spoon her,
burying his face in her hair as he held her. "Because they both value
the band over their own romantic fulfillment and neither wants to ruin
it for the other, they've had to come to know one another as friends
and maintain that friendship despite your opposition."

"Don't you think they would have managed that without me?"

"No," said Isaac. "I think that if they had met again without your
involvement, Morgan might have sought a romance with Naomi
again. Perhaps this time, now that the age gap between then was not so
egregious, she might have indulged him until she grew bored with him
as she has with her previous lovers."

"So, Naomi is..." Though Christabel did not want to call her a slut
while in bed with her father, no better term came to mind. "I guess
she's a serial monogamist."

"Something like that," said Isaac. "Regardless, you have not failed as
badly as you think. The situation is not quite ideal, but still both
serviceable and salvageable. You need only maintain the status quo, if
you decide that you'd rather weather the criticism of those who have
not yet realized that their opinions are only meaningful to
themselves."

"What about album, ticket, and merchandise sales? Won't it look
strange if Crowley's Thoth keeps releasing albums nobody buys and
headlines shows nobody attends?"

"It would have looked stranger before Nationfall, when tax collectors
would have seen a situation like the one you described and assumed
they were seeing an attempt at tax evasion. Nowadays things are
simpler. City governments get to levy a one percent sales tax, and
businesses big enough to have employees fork over five percent of
their annual revenue to the Phoenix Society unless they want union
trouble."

For some reason, Isaac's explanation of the Phoenix Society's funding
sources left her aghast. "You make the Phoenix Society sound like an
organized crime syndicate."

"In a sense, we are, but what do you call an organized crime syndicate
that has no effective opposition within its territory and spends money
on propaganda?"

"That sounds like a government to me."

"Indeed. We govern lesser governments. Not to mention churches and
corporations. But we govern them as if we were an organized crime
syndicate. We have enforcers. Some of these have made their bones and
proven themselves capable assassins. The entire program exists to test
einherjar. Those who prove themselves resilient, resourceful,
ruthless, and reliable merit consideration as potential bearers for
the Starbreaker."

That name reminded Christabel of the night Isaac had brought her to
Hanging Garden and given her his sales pitch. The story she had heard
from him, Elisabeth, and Tamara still seemed outlandish years
later. "That's that godslaying sword you expect Morgan to wield for
you, isn't it?"

"Indeed. My daughter doesn't realize she's been its keeper, but when
the time is right she will give it to Morgan to wield against me."

"Then he'll kill you." Christabel turned over, and leaned over
Isaac. "What the hell are you /thinking/?"

"First, the weapon cannot actually kill me unless it is unbound. If
Morgan wields it against me in its bound state, it will merely shatter
my avatar, this body you so recently enjoyed. I can create another
easily enough. The problem is that breaking my avatar will also break
my hold on the Almighty."

"But that's God, isn't it?"

"It /pretends/ to be God, knowing that the average human can barely
tell the difference."

"You're taking an awful risk," said Christabel, realizing to her
surprise that her concern was heartfelt. /He doesn't love me,/ she
reminded herself. /But where would I be without him? Still working at
Borgia Pizza and auditioning for shitty roles in shittier
productions?/

Gently drawing her into his arms, he kissed her forehead. "I'm not
taking any risks. I am doing what I set out to do. I've had a long
life and I've done everything I wanted to do, but for two. I've done
terrible things to make Project Einherjar possible, and I must pay for
them. Furthermore, if the Almighty falls but other ensof like me
remain, humans and asuras are no better off. I don't want to die, in
fact, I hope Morgan can find a way to break my power without killing
me. It will be better for all concerned if he can."

All ensof were bound to stars or other celestial bodies. Isaac had
told Christabel this before, but it had not seemed especially relevant
then. It did now. "What star are /you/ bound to, Isaac? What star will
the Starbreaker kill to destroy you?"

"I'm bound to Helios, to this planet's sun."

"Then if you die, the whole bloody world dies. What the /hell/ were
you thinking?"

"I was thinking that the Starbreaker is too dangerous, and that it was
necessary to create a bearer who could truly control the weapon. If
Morgan can destroy the Almighty without being consumed by the
Starbreaker, if he can bind it anew after striking that deathblow,
then he might be able to use that knowledge to break my power without
killing me."

"And where do /I/ figure in this?"

"You, my dear, are my instrument. When the time is right and I am
ready to see him discredited as an Adversary, we will fake your
murder. In the meantime, you will do everything you can to make him
doubt his own humanity, to make him suspect he might be more monster
than man.

"You are going to help me hurt Morgan so deeply that neither his
hatred nor his pride will settle for my death. Furthermore, his love
for Naomi must be enough to make him reluctant to deprive her of a
father, however hateful I may be to her. To free humans and asuras
without condemning them to a lingering death in frigid darkness,
Morgan must find it in himself to accept that death is a mercy I don't
deserve and /sentence me to life/."


#### Down to the Devil

The sheer insanity of Isaac's endgame, which he had thought suitable
for pillow talk, left Christabel speechless. To goad an android to a
state of fury that exceeded Homeric rage and transcended Shakespearean
wrath was a plan whose methodology betrayed audacity approaching
hubris. Nevertheless, there remained in her a sliver of doubt. "Isaac,
you've showed me magic, but you're asking me to believe that you hold
an entity capable of credibly pretending to be God captive. That might
be a bit more than I can take on faith."

"And so you insist on gnosis? That can be arranged," said Isaac, as he
gently got out from under Christabel and slipped out of bed. In a
trice his avatar was clothed again, perfectly coiffed and subtly
cologned. "When you are ready, I will take you down to see what drives
the engines of innovation here in Asgard."

It had not occurred to Christabel to question Isaac's statement until
the elevator carried them from 128F down past the ground floor—labeled
0 on this display—and down past B1F. "Have you got nuclear reactors
down here?"

"No. That would be only slightly more dangerous than what awaits us
below."

The elevator's display now said B3F. "How much further?"

"The AsgarTech Building's roots delve deep. We've a long way to go
still."

Waiting in silence, Christabel leaned against the wall and watched the
sub-cellar levels tick by. Isaac had seemed to withdraw into
himself. His eyes slipped shut, the lashes a rime of silken frost, and
there was something in his abstracted expression that suggested to her
that he was engaged in some delicate internal preparation and that it
was best not to interrupt.

He did not stir until the elevator had reached the very bottom and its
display read B127F. Though there was a soft chime to indicate their
arrival, the doors would not open of their own accord. "It is
dangerous down here," said Isaac.

Reaching into his jacket, he withdrew a slim rod of platinum-veined
sapphire shaped in a manner she might have found suggestive in a
different setting and pressed it into her hand. Standing behind her,
he guided her thumb to touch a point where the platinum veins seemed
to converge. A slim blade of crackling azure flame extended from the
rod's tip, and Christabel lifted her thumb in shock only to see the
blade flicker out.

"Hold on to this. The Almighty may attempt to attack us and it would
not do for you to be defenseless in the unlikely event that I find
myself overwhelmed. If we are attacked, you are to run back to the
elevator as swiftly as you can and return to the surface without
me. If one of its angels attempts to stop you, use the force-blade
this weapon emits on them."

There was nothing in Isaac's instructions that pleased Christabel, and
his injunction to abandon him at the first sight of trouble that his
instructions implied was one she liked not at all. "If I have this,
can't I help you?"

His kiss behind her ear seared her nerves and made her toes
curl. "Your concern is touching, but bear in mind that by bringing you
down here I've endangered you. Though the /asur'astra/[8] I've given
you is as powerful as the weapons I've built into the einherjar, it is
still a last-ditch weapon. Attempt no heroics for /my/ sake, please."

It was not until Christabel acquiesced and promised that she would not
stand and fight that Isaac opened the elevator. The doors opened upon
a vestibule that intruded upon a cavern whose walls, floor, and
ceiling she could not see. The building's ventilation system extended
down into the depths, providing fresh air. Dim amber lights mounted
along the steel walkway pushed back the subterranean gloom as she
tripped their motion detectors, but they were too weak to reveal the
full extent of the space in which she found herself.

"Close your eyes a moment," said Isaac.

Though she complied, the sudden radiance still pierced her eyelids and
forced her to cover her eyes. "Shit. I must have gotten used to the
dark already."

"It's the nature of this place. Open your eyes slowly and you will
see."

Once she found the nerve to comply, it seemed to Christabel as if she
stood inside an immense geode. The entire cavern seemed lined in
jagged, deep purple crystals. A lake spread beneath the catwalk, and
though it was too deep for her to see the bottom she suspected it
would be little different from the ceiling. As her ears adapted to the
space and filtered out the constant low hum of the ventilation fans,
she could hear the faint, syncopated, and atonal music of water
dripping from the ceiling. As each droplet struck the lake, it sent
ripples that collided with those radiating from the impacts of other
droplets, so that the surface never stilled and neither reflected nor
admitted any insight into its depths. Only once did she see any
evidence of life in these opaque waters as an eyeless fish broke the
surface to take an insect skimming across the gentle chop for its
prey.

"Beautiful, is it not?" Isaac had an arm about her waist, steadying
her as she leaned on the railing. "Few such ecosystems like this exist
on this planet. This cavern is heated by the magma tubes that feed
Mount Erebus. One such tube runs beneath the bottom of this
lake. Magma occasionally breaks through, and is immediately cooled by
the water. The water dissolves the igneous rock, releasing minerals
that extremophilic microorganisms feed upon, providing the foundation
for a food web.

Something resembling a tendril of kelp broke the surface, and began
questing along the posts supporting the walkway's railing. The side
closest to Christabel seemed to be lined with suckers reminiscent of
those of an octopus or a squid. "Isaac, what /is/ that?"

"Some organism the Almighty has recreated out of its own memories,"
said Isaac. As it reached for Isaac, he condensed a blade of ice out
of the air that constantly sublimated in his hand. Ice radiated along
the tendril's veins from where the cold sword bit into it, causing it
to shatter beneath its weight. The owner of the resulting stump
withdrew, and Isaac released his blade. "It seems I need to adjust the
binding patterns again if it can draw enough power to create something
that big."

"Are there monsters down here?"

Isaac shook his head. "The organisms the Almighty recreates are native
to its home planet. They are only monstrous because they do not belong
/here/ and their evolution cannot be traced to any common ancestor in
this planet's tree of life. The angels it sends are
different. Hopefully you will not see for yourself."

"Maybe I'd be better off not seeing the Almighty, either?" Though she
had wanted evidence to support the story Isaac and his teachers had
told her, that tendril had been a bit more than she was prepared to
incorporate into her understanding of reality.

"You would be, but it's too late for that," said Isaac. "You need to
see before you'll accept the necessity of belief. This is better for
my purposes, for you, and for the world than blind faith, but it is a
harder path to tread. Now, follow close and touch nothing. You are
safest with me, but it is not safe down here."

Though it felt as though she had been following the suspended walkway
that led back to the AsgarTech Building's private elevator all day,
Christabel's implant told her that a mere hour had passed. The catwalk
had led them out of the subterranean lake and down a long dead magma
tube.

At the end of the tube lay a spherical chamber, which Christabel
suspected had not been created by natural processes. Within a massive
block of ice to which machines whose functions she did not understand
were attached a whirlwind of flame seemed to writhe. It blazed with
the radiance of a noonday desert sun, but the ice encasing it would
not melt.

The presence within the ice addressed Isaac in polyphony; the names it
used overlapping.

"Mastema... Why have you come to taunt Me?"  "Prometheus... Why have
you come to taunt Me?"  "Imaginos... Why have you come to taunt Me?"

"You've been straining at your bindings again, I see."

"Not merely straining, little upstart." The incandescent storm seemed
to shift within its prison. "What of the ape following you? A
sacrifice, perhaps?"

"It would be fitting for humanity to know you as Moloch, but she is
not for you."

"Nevertheless, I think I shall have her. I shall rip her gestalt from
her brain and make her part of my Host."

As the Almighty declared its intent, shapes coalesced out of the
darkness surrounding its prison where the walkway's lights could not
reach. They resembled masses of wings covered in eyes. The beings'
eyes stared unblinking at Isaac and Christabel, intent with predatory
hunger. Each spread multiple sets of wings, revealing that they bore
the faces akin to those of humans, lions, bulls, and eagles, but kept
one set of wings wrapped tightly about their bodies as if for
modesty's sake.

Christabel backed away, reaching into her purse for the weapon Isaac
had given her. Once she had it out, she activated it, holding the
force blade between herself and the abominations before her. "Stay
/away/ from me." She meant it as a command, but the words came out on
a moan and sounded more like a plea to her own ears.

"I will see to these angels." Rather than turn to address her, he kept
his eyes on those of the beings that appeared around the Almighty as
they began to chant. "Leave me, Christabel. You have seen enough."

As she turned to comply, one of the entities appeared before her and
spread its wings. Its four faces sang a polyphonic chorus. "Holy,
holy, holy..."

"Holy shit," said Christabel, breaking character and dropping the
accent she had cultivated. "You fuckers are even uglier up close."

As she thrust the force-blade into its chest, it screamed in four-part
harmony and burst afire. The flames did not last long, and they left
no ash behind. She threw herself into a sprint, still keeping her
weapon handy but with her thumb off the trigger lest she stumble and
injure herself with it.

Something had happened to the catwalk lights after she had gotten out
of the magma tube and the cavernous subterranean lake stretched before
her. Since her breath had run short she slowed to a walk and used the
railing to guide her as the world around her faded to eigengrau.

Some of them flew ahead of her and placed themselves in her path,
their own preternatural radiance announcing their presence and
lighting her way. Each was more grotesque in appearance than the last,
every one of them an obscenity flung in the face of her understanding
of nature. In the cavern they could attack from every side, but for
some reason they attempted frontal assaults. Christabel had found that
she need only hold out her weapon, and thumb it on when an angel got
close enough. They did not seem to understand that the weapon
activated instantly and killed on contact.

The last was different. This one more closely resembled the angels
Christabel had seen depicted in old paintings kept in museums; it
resembled a human man possessed of impossible beauty; its skin seemed
of bronze, its hair of gold, its wings feathered in platinum, and its
eyes glittering diamond hard. It bore a flaming sword similar to her
own force-blade, and long-buried instinct warned her against stepping
within reach of that weapon.

Standing guard before the elevator, it spike in chimes. "You may not
return to the world. Not now that you have seen. Be not afraid, child
of man; your end shall be swift."

The soft rustle of wings behind her beneath the endless chant of
"holy, holy, holy..." told Christabel she was surrounded. Everything
Isaac had tried to teach her about fighting was a blank.

Instead, it was something Morgan had once said that came to mind:
/When every avenue of escape is denied you, do not freeze because
flight seems impossible. Nor should you freeze because you do not know
how to fight. Should you ever find yourself in such peril, remember
that you need not fight your enemies. You need only kill them./

"Kneel and submit before the Lord thy God," said the angel with the
burning sword. Its approach was slow, with the dignity of a
procession, and it held its brand by its side loosely gripped in its
right hand. "Peace be upon you."

For some reason a snatch of a psalm came to Christabel's mind. Here,
beneath the earth was the valley of the shadow of death and she was in
its midst. A calm settled over her as she sank to one knee and bowed
her head. Despite her awareness that she only had one shot, and that
blowing it would be her death, her only thought was /I will fear no
evil/, the fixed idea repeating like a mantra.

The angel stopped, and raised its sword overhead in a two-handed grip
as it spread its wings. Once the flaming tip was at its apex,
Christabel thrust upward with her force-blade and activated it. Her
weapon pierced the angel's immaculate body as its scream pierced the
cavern's silence. The angels behind her began to keen as she sprang
forward and crossed the remaining distance to the elevator at a dead
sprint, pounding the call button with the heel of her free hand and
putting her back to the door to face the angels that would surely
swoop down on her en masse.

Instead, the angels fell frozen in mid-flight. Most struck the lake
below and sank, but one struck the catwalk and shattered against the
steel, spraying fragments like shrapnel in all directions. Once
Christabel had lowered the arm she had used to protect her face, she
found Isaac standing before her. He was immaculate, his cravat still
perfectly knotted and not a single silken strand of his frost-blond
hair out of place, and he held a steaming brand of nitrogen ice in
each fist.

For some reason, all Christabel could say was the question that had
nagged her since the first time he had condensed a sword of ice out of
thin air. "Doesn't it hurt to hold those?"


#### Letter from Christabel Crowley to Isaac Magnin, dated 3 June 2107

Isaac:

It's been a month since you took me down to the basement and
everything went pear-shaped. You haven't taken my calls, and neither
have Elisabeth nor Tamara, so I've resorted to writing letters and
sending them to your office at AsgarTech. I'm assuming that you're all
right, since the sun hasn't turned bloody and the moon hasn't become
the color of sackcloth and ashes, but it would be nice to know for
sure.

Please pardon the subterfuge implied by the letterhead and return
address, I thought that a letter from Crowley Couture to the AsgarTech
Corporation marked for your attention might be slightly less
indiscreet than one from Christabel Crowley. A third party polite
enough to refrain from opening other people's letters might dismiss
the former as an unsolicited sales pitch; the latter seemed more
likely to rouse interest.

It will be harder for me to serve you if we do not communicate, but I
will do my best. If you'd prefer to arrange some kind of dead drop
instead of getting letters with your business mail, I will follow any
procedure you care to implement.

In the meantime, I have made a big production of reconciling with
Morgan. I even let him into my bed, but I always imagine it's you. I
wish it was, even though when I thought I was fucked it was something
/he/ told me that saved me.

The nightmares still come. It's funny that I was fine in the moment,
but once I got back home and was alone I broke down. I wish I could
talk to /somebody/ about this, but I dare not. A shrink would assume I
had been hallucinating or had suffered a psychotic break or something.

I think Morgan might understand, since he may have faced one of these
angels himself, but I dare not tell him anything.

Please tell me you're still there. Please tell me this silence is part
of your design.

Still yours,

Christabel Crowley CEO, Crowley Couture

PS: This /is/ a legitimate business. There's been some interest in the
custom outfits I force Morgan and Naomi to wear on stage. I would love
to design suits and other menswear for /you/, incidentally.

PPS: Morgan's new cat doesn't seem to like me. He insists on sleeping
between us, and growls at me if I try to cuddle with Morgan. But when
the nightmares are really bad, he seems to know and he purrs all the
louder. It messes with my implant's network connection, but it's
otherwise soothing. Have you ever heard of a cat's purring causing
EMI?


#### Letter from Isaac Magnin to Christabel Crowley, dated 5 June 2107

Christabel:

Please accept my sincere apology for the terror you suffered while you
were my guest, and for my subsequent absence from your life. It was an
unfortunate necessity that I remain apart from you; the maintenance of
certain critical systems that discretion forbids mentioning here
required my personal attention.

By the time I had finished, I had learned of your reconciliation with
Morgan Stormrider. It seemed most prudent to keep my distance, lest
some mischance expose the narrative you've crafted for public
consumption for the sham it is.

Please also accept my congratulations on your venture into commercial
fashion. Once you've developed a sufficiently strong reputation, it
would be my pleasure to meet you for a fitting and a consultation
concerning my wardrobe.

You may find yourself receiving interview requests from a journalist
named Samuel Terell. He will express interest in both your musical
career and your side business as a fashion designer, which will serve
to enhance your reputation in both industries. It is my fond hope that
you will make time for him; he is an associate of mine and a colleague
to Ms. Gellion and Ms. Bathory. You may rest assured of his absolute
discretion.

If you need to talk to somebody about the memories that haunt your
sleep, the Rev. Dr. Abram Mellech is trustworthy for the same reason
you may trust Mr. Terell. Though he is most prominent for pushing
prosperity gospel, he is also a licensed psychotherapist and will put
aside the God talk in that capacity. When you request an appointment,
do not provide your name. Instead, identify yourself as a civilian
contractor for the Phoenix Society's executive council. This will
ensure your privacy.

In the meantime, kindly keep this letter as a memento, and henceforth
retain printed copies of any letters you send me. My plans for Morgan
will eventually involve exposing the true nature of your relationship,
something considerably simplified by the existence of evidence whose
authenticity he cannot dispute. However, this revelation will still be
some years coming; it will take that long to arrange the sequence of
events that will shatter his complacency and set him on the path
toward the destiny I have chosen for him.

Warm regards,

Isaac Magnin CEO, AsgarTech Corporation

PS: I have enclosed samples of a recreational chemical you may find
enjoyable. Before going to bed with Morgan, dissolve the contents of
one packet in a glass of warm water. Get him to drink half, and drink
the rest yourself. It will allow you to forget that you're not with me
until the drug wears off. Because Morgan is einherjar, he will not get
the full effect but it should affect him enough for him to not mind
that he's with you. Just be mindful that while this chemical does not
produce /physical/ dependence, excessive use may result in
psychological dependence. Try to refrain from using it more than once
a week.

PPS: Thank you for mentioning Morgan's new pet, but I must caution you
that he does not have a mere cat. The radio interference that occurs
when he's purring indicates that Morgan has been adopted by a
rakshasa. Though I had planned to leave him utterly bereft of all
connections, a rakshasa that has chosen an asura (or an einherjar) is
beyond my influence. I would suggest trying to befriend him while he's
still a kitten, for he will get bigger. It would seem that Desdinova
has chosen to involve himself, but I suspected as much when you told
Ms. Bathory that Edmund Cohen had threatened you.


#### Letter from Christabel Crowley to Isaac Magnin, dated 20 April 2110

Isaac:

Whatever the nature of the personal cataclysm you mean to arrange for
Morgan, you might want to move up your timetable. I don't know how
much effort you spend monitoring the news, but whatever you read about
fancy new pyrotechnics at Crowley's Thoth performances is complete and
utter bollocks.

We were able to explain away what happened as part of the show, but I
dare not be more explicit. All I know is that the lid is ready to come
off and I'm not convinced your grip on the situation is as solid as
you'd have me believe.

Love, Christabel

PS: I'd like more of the stuff, please. I use it by myself nowadays
since Morgan figured out I was trying to dose him and didn't take it
well. I only use half a packet once a week, so it lasts a bit longer,
but it's been a while since you last sent me some.


#### Letter from Christabel Crowley to Isaac Magnin, dated 31 October 2112

Isaac:

I can't do this any longer. I'm this close to compromising myself and
blowing the mission. Please get me out of here as soon as possible.

I assume you've heard that the record label is talking about sending
Crowley's Thoth into space. I'm not just talking about shows at the
Lagrange habitats. No, I'm talking about shows on Luna, then on to
Mars, Titan Orbital, the prison habitats around Uranus, and beyond
Pluto to Nyx. Not to mention the months of ship time in between. I'll
be away from Earth for /years/, cooped up with Morgan, Naomi, and the
other passengers and crew.

There's no way I can do that. The work I'll have to do so that years
in low gravity won't leave me unable to return home is bad enough, but
I can barely tolerate being around Morgan and Naomi long enough to
keep the band going. Recording with them is painful, rehearsal equally
so, and actually performing with them? It's been obvious for years
that the fans are there for /them/ and that I barely rate an
afterthought, but even the press tend to ignore me now, too. They get
most of the coverage. They get most of the questions.

Christ, they even get most of the unsolicited nudes, and while they
gripe about it at least they're getting unsolicited nudes of
attractive people. You know what I got? Some guy bending over and
spreading himself so wide I thought he was going to turn himself
inside out. He couldn't even be arsed to take off his bloody wedding
ring before taking this pic and sending it with a letter saying, and I
quote: "I wish you'd do me the way you do Morgan. I can take whatever
you've got."

I'm pretty sure that otaku slut Claire Ashecroft put him up to it,
whoever he was. It suits her sense of humour entirely too
well. Incidentally, is there a way to translate her bullshit into
something approximating a reasonable adult's side of a conversation? I
don't know how Morgan and Naomi put up with her, but every time she
opens her mouth it's fucking Darmok at Tanagra.

Christ. Now I'm talking in memes, too. You see why I need to get out
of here? These people are around the bend and likely to take me with
them.

Incidentally, I know why angels keep showing up at Crowley's Thoth
shows. It's /your/ bloody fault. The executive council obviously isn't
content to use Morgan as an assassin, now you've got him doing fucking
supernatural pest control, too, and it seems the demon in your
basement is none too pleased with the notion. Yet another reason for
me to get out of here; people are figuring out it isn't just rock 'n
roll, and when journalists pay any attention to me at all it's to ask
what it's like to be dating a devil killer.

I could keep finding reasons and excuses, but the plain truth is that
I know you don't love me. I've /always/ known, despite the kindness
and tenderness you've shown me, but for some reason I thought that
maybe if I served you well enough and gave you my everything...

Forget it. It's stupid, and I'm stupid for thinking it could even
happen. Wizards like you don't fall for ordinary women like me outside
of those ridiculous fucking manga Claire likes to read. Wizards like
you fall for witches like Tamara.

And don't try to tell me I'm imagining things. I see the way you look
at Tamara. You go faraway and sometimes you get this absent smile when
you're watching her or just thinking of her. It's the way Morgan often
gets around Naomi.

I know I'm rambling, but it's late and I'm drunk. You're lucky I'm as
coherent as I am. But I can't do what you need me to do any longer. I
can't live like this any longer. Today's my birthday, and I have
nobody to share it with. No friends, no boyfriend, no real family. I'm
lonely, and it hurts, and I've had enough.

Get me out of here, Imaginos, before I break down and tell Morgan and
Naomi everything. I don't like what I've become, and I don't want to
be Christabel Crowley any longer.

Wishing I was no longer yours...

Annelise.


#### Letter from Isaac Magnin to Christabel Crowley, dated 2 November 2112

Annelise:

I have enough in place that I can improvise a fitting exit for
you. Can you hold out until Winter Solstice? While I cannot deny that
my heart has for millennia belonged to Tamara, I am honored by your
regard, have been ever grateful for your efforts on my behalf, and
still remember fondly the greed with which you kissed me beneath the
mistletoe that night a decade ago.  Shall we reprise that performance,
my dear?

Ever yours...

Imaginos


#### Burning Bridges

Christabel had come to love cold, snowy London nights like
tonight. Faint shadows cast by dim red lights faded behind the soft
white curtain that had fallen over the city, and snow on the night of
the Winter Solstice seemed to her a versatile perfection. The night
was surely perfect for lovers to seek refuge from the cold together,
as Christabel suspected Morgan and Naomi were doing tonight given the
manner in which they had upstaged her. It was a perfect night to be as
alone as Christabel was at the moment, sitting in the back of a
limousine that Isaac Magnin had chartered for the night as its thorium
engine idled outside her house in Crouch End. Since nobody was around
to see, it was the perfect night to stage one's own murder.

It was safe for her to relax now. The curtain had fallen on this act
in the lives of Morgan, Naomi, and Christabel. Crowley's Thoth had
given its swan song, and Christabel herself had given her final
performance. Now she needed only relax, stretch her legs, and enjoy
her cognac as Isaac played the role of a one-man stage crew and set
the scene for the overture to the next act in lives that would no
longer be her concern even as the apparent violent end of her own
impacted theirs.

/At least Isaac had my body double stuffed in the trunk instead of
making me ride with it,/ Christabel reflected as she sipped her
liquor. /Having to stare at it as we drove down here from the after
party would have been just a bit unsettling./

The performance had begun in earnest the morning before the Winter
Solstice, as Christabel rehearsed with the others the day before their
show at the Royal Albert Hall. They had finally gotten the headliner
slot, and Christabel wanted them to be as perfect as the hair of a
werewolf drinking a piña colada at Trader Vic's.

And of course, Morgan had stepped out in between songs only to return
a minute later. "Christabel, I'm sorry, but that was Saul. There's a
situation in Shenzhen that the local office can't handle."

"Let me take your stick," said Naomi. As Morgan lifted the strap over
his head and surrendered his instrument, she asked, "Was it another
angel? Doesn't the Society have other einherjar who can handle it?
What about Tetsuo, since he usually works out of the Tokyo office?"

Morgan shook his head. "It's not an angel. It's Tetsuo. I don't have
the details, but apparently he went rogue. He already took out one
Adversary."

"Well, kill him and get back here as fast as you can," said
Christabel. "We really don't have time for you to rush off and play
the hero right now."

"I appreciate the vote of confidence," said Morgan, leaning in for a
kiss goodbye that Christabel relished denying him. "They're sending a
car around to get me, and will send me to Shenzhen by suborbital. I
should be there in a couple of hours. Hopefully I'll be back in the
morning."

Once Morgan had left, Naomi had turned on her. "You know damn well
Morgan isn't off playing hero. He's doing his job. And Tetsuo is not
only an old friend of Morgan's but the closest he's got to an equal."

Christabel had been well aware of this; she still got updated
dossiers, and she had entertained a fond and secret hope since Isaac
had provided Munakata's dossier as well so she could prepare for
today. "With any luck Tetsuo will do Morgan a favor and kill him."

"That's your idea of a favor?"

"Oh, please, Nims." It was important to get the contemptuous tone just
right; laying it on too thick might let the other woman dismiss what
Christabel meant to say next as sarcasm, and it was imperative that
Naomi believe she was speaking from the heart. "Dying young is the
best career move somebody as worthless as Morgan could possibly
make. Of course, it's usually an overdose or a plane crash, but
/finally/ taking on a fair fight will do nicely. That it might be a
friend who does him in is a lovely garnish."

Naomi's face had reddened, and she had her fists clenched at her
sides. Her mouth was a white line, and Christabel imagined she could
hear the other woman grinding her teeth in outrage. It was a long
moment before she finally spoke. "You're lucky we've got a show to put
on, Christabel. I can't believe Morgan hasn't slapped you around
yet. It's years overdue."

"He doesn't have the balls to lay so much as a finger on me in anger."

"Neither do I, but that lack isn't what stops me." Bunching
Christabel's cardigan in her fist, Naomi pressed her against the
studio wall. "As weary as I am of watching you mistreat that man, he
can fight his own battles. I've stayed my hand out of respect for
/him/, but this is the end. After tomorrow's show, I'm out. Attempt to
bring a breach-of-contract suit against me and I'll file a hostile
work environment complaint with the Phoenix Society."

"Why not just quit now?"

Naomi's tone sweetened until it dripped rancid honey. "Why should I
give /you/ the satisfaction of seeing me throw away decades of
professionalism? You're not worth it."

Releasing her fistful of Christabel's cardigan, Naomi packed up her
keyboard. "I'm going back to my room to practice my parts. I'm sure a
musician as skillful as you needs no accompaniment."

When Christabel finally left the studio, Isaac Magnin was there
awaiting her. He leaned against a lamppost, smoking a cigarette. He
flicked it skyward as she approached him. Once it had reached its
apex, it burned to ash in a flash. A gust carried the ash away to soil
some mere mortal's clothes. "I saw Naomi leave in tears earlier. What
/did/ you say to her?"

She shrugged. "Just burning bridges, as your telemetry should have
indicated. I thought it would be better if leaving the band was her
idea."

"What will you tell Morgan when he returns?"

"Don't you mean if? I understand Tetsuo is his equal."

That got a rare chuckle from Isaac. "Tetsuo wants to believe he's
Morgan's equal. He will learn otherwise."

"Fine," said Christabel. "Why not help me decide what to tell him in
bed? It's been years."

"Time for another fitting?" said Isaac, smirking as he used
Christabel's euphemism for their illicit assignations.

"No." Reaching into her pocket, she produced the key card for the
hotel room she had gotten to be closer to the Royal Albert on the day
of the show. "I want everybody at the hotel to see me taking /you/ to
my room. Let's give people something to talk about, shall we?"

They had given people plenty to talk about, Christabel recalled as she
finished her cognac, and Isaac had sent her off to the Royal Albert
Hall thoroughly satisfied. She had found Naomi in her dressing room,
but Morgan's was empty. Going back to Naomi's, she had knocked on the
door. "Where's Morgan?"

The face Naomi showed over her shoulder was one purse-lipped and
pinched with worry. "He isn't back yet. I checked with Saul at the
Phoenix Society, and he says the Shenzhen office doesn't have any
information on Morgan's status."

"Maybe he's dead."

"Maybe you'd like that," said Naomi. She crossed the room in a few
long strides, and wrenched the door from Christabel's hand. "If he
died over there, then I will spend the night singing his requiem."

"You think he'll give a shit? He'll be dead, remember? If there isn't
an afterlife he won't hear you. And if there is then your voice won't
reach whatever hell awaits him."

"Loving you as long as Morgan has was a labour worthy of Herakles,"
said Naomi. "Now piss off. We've got a soundcheck in twenty."

Soundcheck came and went without Morgan, which suited Christabel just
fine. It gave her time to slip into his dressing room, grab all of his
clothes, and consign them to a dumpster out back. If he did come back,
he would have no choice now but to take the stage in uniform, thus
breaking his promise to her that he would keep his life as an
Adversary separate from the life he lived as a musician. It would give
her the excuse she needed to break up with him and fire him from the
band while acting the wronged party.

Meanwhile, Naomi was busy explaining to the band's management, the
venue's management, the master of ceremonies, and anybody else
concerned that Crowley's Thoth would take the stage no matter what,
and that Naomi was sure that Morgan would return from his emergency
mission in time. It was an unpleasant duty Christabel was happy to
shirk.

Band after band played, and Morgan remained missing. It was not until
the last set before Crowley's Thoth was scheduled to play that Naomi
burst into Christabel's dressing room, her expression suffused with
relief. "Morgan's suborbital just touched down. He's on his way."

"Charn just started their set. No way he's going to get here in time,"
Christabel was sure this would be the case; the Tube was running on a
reduced schedule on account of the holiday, and getting a cab today
would take divine intervention.

"He'll be here," said Naomi. "He said he'd run the whole way if that
was what it took."

"A blizzard just came in off the North Sea. He's going to run all the
way here in /that/?"

Naomi reached down and scratched Mordred behind the ears. In the years
since the cat had first adopted Morgan, he had grown to the size of a
sheepdog. "If Morgan were still in Shenzhen, this fluff would have
found his way to his side already. You know how he just shows up."

Christabel certainly did. The damn cat—the damn /rakshasa/, to use
Isaac's name for the beast—invariably showed up whenever Morgan was
away from New York more than a few days. She had no idea how a cat
this big could bypass hotel security, let alone that of the Royal
Albert Hall, but here he was purring and licking his chops like he had
just gotten back from the Tower of London after eating a raven or
two. Claire had insisted the cat could walk through walls, damn her
and her reading. It was most likely her fault, Christabel thought,
that Crowley's Thoth ended up doing concept albums about Frankenstein
and that monk who had buggered off to India with three demon
bodyguards to retrieve a scroll of scriptures or something.

Before Christabel could say anything else, the cat perked up. He
sprang to his feet, turned his back on Christabel, and gave her an
eyeful of arsehole as he sprang away with his bushy tail held straight
up and quivering.

He soon returned, padding beside Morgan as if he were a faithful
hound. Morgan himself looked rather the worse for wear; his armored
greatcoat was battered and covered in blood. Morgan himself smelled of
blood, sweat, gunpowder, and burnt ozone. His cheeks were hollowed
out, there were dark circles under his eyes, and he was grimacing with
every bite of the emergency ration he was nibbling.

Christabel couldn't resist a quip as she and Naomi followed him into
his dressing room, "Well, look what the cat dragged in."

He looked down at himself. "I'm sorry. Is there time for me to take a
quick shower and get changed?"

"No," said Christabel, "Incidentally, whatever arrangements you made
to get your clothes brought here didn't work out."

"You look like you clawed your way up out of Hell to get here," said
Naomi. "Are you sure you're up to performing?"

Morgan shrugged. "We've got an audience waiting, don't we? Don't
worry; I won't fuck this up."

"You're not going on stage looking like /that/," said
Christabel. "You're still in uniform, for fuck's sake."

Morgan took another bite of his emergency ration, which more closely
resembled something he ought to flush instead every time Christabel
looked at it, and favored her with an appraising look. "I'm pretty
sure that was your doing, judging by the trouser legs I saw sticking
out of the dumpster when I came in through the back door."

Despite Christabel's protests, Morgan had taken the stage in uniform,
though he had laid aside his weapons and the battered greatcoat that
Naomi had given him a decade ago. Despite looking like shit warmed
over, he had given the performance of his life beside Naomi.

/Then there was the after party,/ thought Christabel, and reached for
the cognac. Rather than refill her glass, she drank directly from the
bottle and thought herself justified in doing so. She still could not
believe that she had been upstaged so thoroughly. This time, when she
and Isaac had arrived at the after party at the stroke midnight they
had found Morgan and Naomi standing beneath the mistletoe.

Naomi had looked directly at Christabel before slipping her hands into
his hair and drawing him into a kiss. When they had finished, Morgan
had addressed the crowd. "Naomi told me earlier that she had taken the
hardest decision of her life. Now it's my turn to take hard decisions
of my own."

He looked to Christabel first. "I'm quitting Crowley's Thoth, and you
and I are over."

"W-what about Naomi?"

Morgan shrugged. "She told me she had had enough of your shit." To
Isaac, he had said, "Find somebody else to do the Phoenix Society's
dirty work. I've had enough and I want out."

"I can't believe I fucked it up so badly," said Christabel to nobody
in particular. While the driver still sat up front, he had his
partition closed and would not have heard anything unless she engaged
the intercom.

However, Isaac must have heard her, for the first thing he said as he
opened the door and slipped into the seat beside her was, "You did
well enough for my purposes. Morgan is adrift now."

"He's probably balls deep in Naomi right now."

"I had to knock on her door to get the key to yours. He's sleeping on
her couch, too much the gentleman to accept a guest bedroom, I
suppose."

"Well, fuck him. Is everything set up?"

The smile with which Isaac favored her was rich with
self-satisfaction. "Oh, I've no doubt it will be a delightful show."

He held out his hand, and a sealed manila envelope dropped into it out
of nowhere. He handed it to Christabel and said, "I'd invite you to
watch it by my side, but I suspect you might be busy resuming your old
life. But perhaps I could schedule the occasional fitting?"


## Interlude: Worth the Pain

After Morgan and Naomi have heard Annelise's story, they bid her
farewell and return to his home. Though Morgan has forgiven Annelise
now that he understands the reasons behind her actions, he has no
intention of letting her hurt him again.

Naomi is of a different mind. She cannot forgive Annelise, for she
feels that doing so means condoning her father's actions, and would
make her little better than him.

The title comes from "Worth the Pain" by Letters From The Fire, from
/Worth the Pain/.


#### Morgan 1

It was long past midnight when Annelise had finally finished her
tale. The vast majority of the Flaming Telepath's patrons had gone
home, and the tavern had gone nearly silent. Most of the lights were
out, and the pianist had long since stopped playing. Instead, she had
lowered the piano's cover and leaned on it as if enraptured by what
she was hearing.

Morgan wished her the joy of it; for him it seemed the confession of
somebody who had made their life a crime of passion. Annelise had
paused only to sip her coffee, which a server had stood by to keep
filled. Morgan had been unable to keep from counting the refills;
Annelise had taken a dozen mugs of black coffee to get through her
history, and he had never seen her look so thoroughly wired.

She motioned to the server. "Where's the ladies' room?"

"I'll show you," said the server, leaving Morgan alone with Naomi.

She had been resting her head on his shoulder, idly playing with a
lock of his hair as they listened to Annelise. She had braided a lock
of her hair with his, white against black; until she undid it they
would have difficulty separating. Her scarlet eyes were heavy-lidded
with the need for sleep, her pupils open wide to catch every scrap of
the tavern's dim light as she gazed up at him. "Do you believe her?"

That was the heart of the matter, and she had cut to it with the
unerring skill of the Adversary he was sure Naomi had been in another
life. "I think her lies were mainly of omission," said Morgan after he
gave the question due consideration. "I've been reviewing her diary
and letters. Everything she told us tonight roughly matches the texts
I took off her computer."

"I don't understand why she'd tell us the truth tonight."

"Why not? It's been a year. She's probably been looking over her
shoulder the whole time, expecting all the while to find one of us
behind her."

"Not me," said Naomi, snuggling tighter against Morgan. "Once we
learned she had been working for my father, I was content to assume
that she had failed him, that he had murdered her for it, and that
avenging her wasn't our problem."

Enjoying Naomi's warmth against him, he slid a hand down to her hip
and pulled her closer. "Are you disappointed that I couldn't let it go
so easily?"

She shook her head. "No, but I fear for you. I fear that my father has
you dancing to his tune."

"I've been working on the assumption that Annelise is still working
for him," said Morgan. "Remember Christabel's funeral? I think he had
hoped I'd challenge him then and there."

"But you didn't let him get to you," said Naomi. "I don't know what I
might have done in your position."

Everything Naomi said when the subject of Isaac Magnin came up hinted
at a long and complex history, but Morgan had thus far restrained his
curiosity as carefully as he had restrained his anger over his own
dealings with the man. He had long suspected that if he knew the truth
of what Magnin had done to Naomi, he would not be able to contain his
wrath for long. It was the little things that got to him, like people
screwing with his friends.

Before he could say anything, Annelise returned to their table and
slid back into her seat looking somewhat refreshed. "Thanks for not
leaving me here to cover the check."

Naomi could barely manage an exasperated sigh, leaving Morgan to
answer. "We all know that's more your style."

Annelise stared at the table for a long moment, tracing old moisture
rings with a perfectly manicured fingertip. "I had that coming."

"And more," said Naomi.

"I thought I could live with what I had done," said Annelise, "But
confessing it all, reliving it all... I never wanted to hurt either of
you."

"Don't flatter yourself," said Naomi. "I tried to befriend you for the
band's sake, and for Morgan's sake. For a while I even thought you
were good for him."

"And for a while I thought he was good for me, but I had my orders."
Annelise looked to Morgan, eyes wide with a reasonable facsimile of
wounded innocence.

He had to give the woman her due; she was almost as good an actress as
she was a violinist. "If I didn't know you better I'd think you
actually believed your own bullshit," said Morgan. "But I don't quite
know you well enough to say that you don't. I know you just well
enough to know that I don't give a shit any longer."

"I know I hurt you," said Annelise, "But it was part of the job."

"I've helped condemn people to fates they believed worse than death
because it was part of the job. I've helped make people unpersons
doomed to die in exile because they stiffed somebody out of five
minutes of overtime pay. I knew what I was signing up for, and Isaac
Magnin didn't lie to you any more than the Phoenix Society's
recruiters lied to me. I've got to live with what I've done, just like
you, even though I was following orders too. That excuse didn't fly at
Nuremberg and it won't fly for either of us."

"I suppose that means you hate me."

Naomi had undone the braid she had made of her hair and Morgan's, and
was now gently clasping his hand as she texted him with her
implant. «Come on. We don't need to keep talking with this woman. It's
obvious that being Christabel wasn't much of a stretch for her. She's
/still/ trying to play you.»

He caressed the back of Naomi's hand with his thumb and buried his
face in her hair, breathing deep her scent as he kissed her. «There's
something I want to say first.»

«Don't give her the satisfaction of knowing she's hurt you.»

"Naomi tells me I shouldn't give you the satisfaction of knowing how I
really feel," said Morgan, locking his eyes on Annelise's, "but you
know what? I don't even know how I feel right now. Hell, I don't even
know whether to damn you for doing your best to kill my faith or bless
you for finally having the sense to walk out.

"I know you started working for Isaac Magnin because he was offering a
deal no reasonable person would refuse. I want to believe that in the
privacy of your own heart you actually gave a shit about Naomi and me,
but you're the only one who will ever know for sure because I can't
trust a word out of your mouth and you've only yourself to blame for
that."

Annelise looked away. "Then you still hate me."

"No," said Morgan. Reaching behind his neck, he found the clasp of the
St. Judas medal he had worn since Saul Rosenbaum had given it to him
after he killed a Project Harker survivor too traumatized to surrender
without a fight to the death. He disengaged the clasp and lifted the
medal out from under his shirt. "Hold out your hand."

«Don't do this,» Naomi texted. «She's not an Adversary. She won't
understand. And she isn't worth it.»

«It's mine to give, and this is something I need to do so I can move
on.»

«All right.» Turning to Annelise, she echoed Morgan's command. "Come
on, Annelise. Hold out your hand."

"So you can mark me as a traitor?"

"So I can initiate you into the Iscariotine Order," said Morgan. "It
takes one to know one. I'm giving you this because I think you
betrayed yourself, Naomi, and me because you bought Isaac Magnin's
story and honestly believed you were serving a greater good. I /need/
to believe this, so that I can put aside the rage and hatred I've been
carrying ever since you broke my heart. Wear this as a reminder of the
moral weight you carry, until you can find a way to set it aside, for
I dub thee unforgiven."

This last was a ritual formula Saul Rosenbaum had said to Morgan all
those years ago, when he stared at the first man he had killed, his
sword still embedded in his enemy's chest when he had intended only to
wound and subdue him. The other man had thrown himself on Morgan's
sword, but that did nothing to diminish his responsibility; those who
draw the sword draw to kill, and those who kill by the sword have no
right to protest when their turn to die by it eventually comes.

"So, I did hurt you," said Annelise, her eyes swimming with unshed
tears. Nevertheless, her hands were steady as she worked the clasp of
the St. Judas medal behind her neck and let it settle. She tucked the
medal into her blouse, safely out of sight so that only she need know
of the burden she carried. "I'm sorry. I know it doesn't make a
difference, but I've wanted to say it for a long time."

Shaking his head, Morgan rose from his seat. "I didn't tell you how I
felt because I wanted an apology. I did it because I was tired of
hiding my pain for your sake. You aren't worth it."

Offering his hand to Naomi, he helped her out of the booth and stole a
kiss. Knowing Annelise was watching and wanting to rub her nose in
what she had thrown away, he took his time and indulged himself.


#### Naomi 1

Tonight had not been the Winter Solstice celebration Naomi had hoped
to have with Morgan, but the searing kiss he had given her—after
/finally/ reclaiming his balls from Annelise Copeland's purse and
telling the manipulative little slag to sod off after they had spent
the evening listening to her crap on about how it was so hard for her
to play Mata Hari—had gone rather far toward redeeming it. It was too
bad that angels had found them in the subway on the way back to the
Upper West Side, though.

She rolled over, reaching for him only to recall that he had slipped
out of bed and promised to come back with a sandwich. He soon
returned, holding glasses and a bottle of wine in one hand while
holding a pair of plates in the other. A pair of sandwiches lay atop
the upper plate.

"Sorry I took so long," said Morgan as he served the sandwiches and
poured the wine. "I had to put the baguette in the oven first."

Though it was a simple Parisian sandwich it proved to be exactly what
she needed. She savored each bite, saving the wine until she was
done. "I needed that."

"I bet you did," said Morgan as he stretched out beside her. He turned
over, knowing that she preferred to be the big spoon and evidently not
minding a bit. He waited until she had settled in behind him before
gently grasping her hand. "Though I suppose that wasn't the first time
you've fought angels."

It had not been. Nor had the angel that had attacked her in Grand
Central Terminal been her first. However, it was not a matter Naomi
could easily discuss. Being einherjar, Morgan was built to fight
angels and demons. An asura like Naomi needed particular weapons if
they had not learned to manifest psychokinetic talents they could use
to fight instead. While Naomi had the weapon, she had not yet found a
way to explain it or why she possessed it. "It's complicated."

His lips brushed her knuckles. "You might have noticed that I've had
some experience with complicated."

/That's what I get for understatement,/ Naomi thought as she cast
about for a better phrase. The only one that came readily to mind was
one Claire used when a particular series' overarching plot proved
unnecessarily convoluted and seemed written that way by authors
desperate to display their intellectual prowess to compensate for
other shortcomings. "All right, then. It's fucking Byzantine."

"I think we both had a taste of that tonight, too, thanks to
Annelise."

"Can we not talk about her in bed?"

"Sure," said Morgan. Slipping out of her embrace, he stood beside the
bed and offered his hand. "Why don't we take this downstairs? I'll get
the fireplace going."

Rather than take his hand, Naomi pulled the bed-covers tighter around
her and hugged his pillow. "Must we?"

"I can't force you, but there's a lot about you that I don't
understand. There's that sword you wielded tonight. Then there's your
relationship with Isaac Magnin." Morgan paused a moment, looking down
at the criss-cross of small dark lines over his heart. "There's a lot
I haven't told you, either."

"Like why you forgave Annelise after all she's done?"

Morgan did not answer. She half-suspected that he would not do so as
he put his jeans and t-shirt back on. He then handed her the clothes
he had torn off her in their haste to get to bed after their struggle
in the subway had roused them. Once she was dressed, she found him
sitting by the fire. Seeing that he had put out a plate of cheese,
meats, and crackers she prepared a snack for herself.

"Forgiving Annelise was the only move that made sense to me," said
Morgan, finally answering her question. "As long as I held onto my
hurt and anger over the the way she treated us, it gave her power over
me and gave Isaac Magnin leverage. You said it yourself; he's trying
to play me."

His reasoning made sense, but that was the problem. She too had tried
to be reasonable, to not give Isaac Magnin power over her, and no
matter what she did he found a way to turn her actions to his
advantage. "What will you do, then? Spend the rest of your life
second-guessing yourself, denying your true feelings and ignoring your
needs and desires because it might give /him/ a handle on you?"

"Is that what /you/ did?"

He had been watching the fire as he said it. He had delivered the
question as if it were an offhand remark. Nevertheless, it pierced as
deeply as if he had stared her down and accused her. It /had/ been
what she had done. It was what she continued to do. It was one reason
she had yet to admit that her reasons for being near him were little
different from Annelise's.

The other was that she feared Morgan's reaction should he come to
suspect that her regard for him was as illusory as the other
woman's. /Could he forgive me, too?/ Naomi wondered. /Not
likely. Would his pride allow him to even consider it?/

The silence between them stretched as the fire crackled and
popped. Mordred had flopped onto the floor in front of them to enjoy
the warmth, and all she wanted to do was settle down on the rug beside
the cat and rub his belly. Instead, she looked to Morgan. "I can't
forgive Annelise for how she's treated you, and I feel like I have to
hate her /for/ you because you can't seem to bring yourself to do it
on your own. I don't understand how you can bear to let go."

Morgan's lips had curled into a slight, tight-lipped smile. "Remember
how I said Annelise was probably still working for Magnin when she
told us her sob story?"

She nodded.

"Annelise said it herself. Assuming she isn't bullshitting us, Isaac
Magnin /wants/ me to come after him."

"And so you'll let him make a Grand Guignol of your life?"

"If that's what it takes to ensure that he doesn't see me coming,"
said Morgan, "But enough about me. What about you?"

"What about me?"

"I never pressed you for your secrets before because I didn't think I
had the right. I still don't think I have the right, but thanks to
Annelise I learned the hard way that love isn't enough."

Despite her proximity to the hearth the room no longer felt warm
enough. The firmness in his voice and the set of his jaw were not
unfamiliar to her; he had committed to himself to a course he thought
necessary despite knowing that he would most likely regret embarking
upon it. "I think I understand," said Naomi. "You love me, but you
loved Christabel, too. She betrayed you even though you loved her, and
I too could betray you."

"He's your father, according to you," said Morgan.

"I don't think that's ever bothered you before," said Naomi.

"I wasn't about to take on a vendetta against him before. I don't want
to accuse you of holding divided loyalties, but—"

It only took a heartbeat for her to pull him to his feet and gently
silence his objection. "Wait there a moment. There is something I need
to give you."

Running up to the guest bedroom where she had stashed her bags before
taking Morgan to bed earlier, she opened her bag and retrieved the
faded pink cardigan that Morgan had knitted for her as a Winter
Solstice present over a decade ago. It still kept her warm despite its
age, but despite her care the once scarlet wool had faded to the same
pale coral as her lips when she wasn't wearing lipstick. Once she had
slipped into it, she opened the case in which she kept the
Starbreaker. As soon as she had the sheathed weapon in her hands it
was back in her head. «You're wearing /that/ ratty old thing again?»

«First, Morgan made this for me. Second, why would I take fashion
advice from a demon sword?»

«Where else are you going to get fashion advice? That fake pop tart?»

Naomi let this pass, glad the weapon refrained from using harsher
language. «I'm going to introduce you to Morgan. Do at least /try/ to
behave.»

«Hey, at least I didn't eat him the last time you let me out to play.»

«Fine. No more Elric until you learn to behave.» Oddly enough,
refusing to read bedtime stories to the weapon seemed enough to make
it behave. /It's like I'm babysitting this thing,/ she thought, and
not for the first time.

«I liked Morgaine better. Not as emo. She looks a bit like you,
too. I'd let her polish me.»

«Well, none of her either if you're going to be lewd.»

«Hey, I wasn't always a giant prick.»

«I'm sure you had other shortcomings. Now, are you going to behave
yourself?»

«If you insist.»

Morgan was still on his feet when she returned. "That's the weapon you
used earlier."

"It is," said Naomi. Cradling it in upturned, open hands, she
presented it to him. "You never asked me why I wear a Saint Judas
medal, but you have a right to know. I wear it because I've been one
of the Phoenix Society's Inquisitors ever since you began training to
join the Adversary corps. My mission, which came from Isaac Magnin's
enemies on the executive council, was to watch over you as Annelise
did for Magnin. If I judged it necessary, I was to assassinate you to
keep you from becoming Magnin's weapon or the Almighty's."

Morgan reached out to accept the weapon, and stopped short. "Annelise
said this weapon could give Isaac Magnin his true death if
unbound. You could have ended him yourself."

Naomi shook her head. "I never learned how to unleash its full power,
and even if I knew how I wouldn't dare. I fear that sword as I fear
nothing else in the world save the loss of your regard. If you take
it, you'll soon understand."

"If I take it," said Morgan, his hand still not quite touching the
weapon's scabbard. "Will you tell me everything?"

As he finally grasped the weapon, she clasped her hands over
his. "I've wanted to tell you everything for years. When my courage
permitted it words failed me. When I had the words, valor deserted
me. I don't know if I have either tonight, but I can't deal with the
doubt I see in your eyes any longer."

"I'll listen for as long as it takes," said Morgan as he put aside the
sword. "As long as you tell me why you have /that/ thing."

"I suppose it said something rude," said Naomi, glancing at the
Starbreaker.

"It asked me if I wanted help killing your father."

"It might offer to help you kill /me/ next," said Naomi, screwing her
courage to the sticking point. "Once I've told you everything."


## Part III: Where Is The Edge

This is Naomi Bradleigh's tale of how she learned that Isaac Magnin is
her father, and her subsequent dealings with him.

The title comes from "Where Is The Edge" by Within Temptation, from
/The Unforgiving/.


#### Like Room Service

Naomi looked up from her third glass of wine for the night, and found
Edmund Cohen sitting to her left. When the bartender finally got
around to him, he said, "Whiskey on the rocks for me, but not the
cheap shit. And no more wine for the lady. She's had enough for now."

"Seriously, Cohen? I don't work for the Phoenix Society any longer."
It had been a couple of years now. A couple of years of joining
promising bands hoping to get in on the ground floor, only to see one
band after another implode around her. The keyboardist and composer of
one band had wanted to date her, but she had refused only to be fired
for it and publicly called out as a selfish prima donna. In another
band, the lead guitarists were engaged until one thought the other had
a thing for her—and never mind that they had both been gay their
entire lives. The latest one had been some shit-for-brains A&R
manager's idea of a good gimmick: an all-woman band called The Naomis
because every member was called Naomi. When the exec had announced the
idea, Naomi was glad for the first time that she was not in the habit
of wearing a sword as a civilian because otherwise she might have
yielded to the temptation to tear the guy's pants off, bend him over,
and then paddle his arse with the flat of her blade. As it was, one of
the other Naomis had fattened his lip and walked out. "It's been a
rough day. Are you really going to begrudge me a few drinks?"

"You didn't self-medicate like this after the Clarion job," said
Eddie.

"Tell that to Christopher Renfield," said Naomi, recalling with a bit
of guilt how she had used him without any consideration for his own
needs or desires when the nightmares had been at their worst. It had
been a while since she last dreamed of the white cell, but other
dreams took their place. Just last night she had watched as tungsten
lances fell screaming from the sky as her last desperate gambit, a
distributed denial of service attack, failed to shut down the GUNGNIR
platform in time. "I think I wore the poor man out."

"We've been keeping an eye on the Dusk Patrol survivors. Renfield's
fine, and he's had worse than a sore willy."

"Has he been asking after me?" It would not have been the first time,
though she could not understand why. It wasn't as if they had been
lovers. At most they were acquaintances with benefits.

"This is all on me," said Eddie. "I've tried to be discreet about it
for your sake, but I've been keeping an eye on you ever since
Clarion. I know you turned down Desdinova once, but we could still use
your help."

Naomi stared into her wine, not wanting to answer Eddie one way or the
other. It had been Desdinova who had ordered Malkuth to keep her in
the dark, offering no intelligence and minimal support when she had
stumbled upon the murders in Clarion and their true cause. Eddie
himself had admitted that it was a shit job, utterly thankless and
likely to end with her and her entire family exiled from Earth to get
away from assassins.

Not that the man who had called himself Ian Malkin needed
assassins. He had proven himself perfectly capable of doing his own
wet work without bloodying his hands when he had appeared in her room
at the Lonely Mountain in Clarion. He had offered her a nice, juicy
carrot: if she renounced her post as an Adversary and kept quiet about
what she had seen in Clarion, she'd get a shot at a life as a rock
musician. Then he showed her the stick: if she persisted in clinging
to her ideals, ideals which had led her to learn some disquieting
truths about how the Phoenix Society worked behind the scenes, he
would simply teleport her into the Oort Cloud to breathe hard vacuum
and freeze in the dark like he had done with the man Naomi had
identified as the culprit behind the murders in and around Clarion.

Henrik Petersen—country doctor, former colonel in the North American
Commonwealth Army, and clandestine genetic engineer—had also proven
responsible for Project Harker, Dusk Patrol, and the bombardment from
orbit of the original town of Clarion during Nationfall. He had
attempted a second bombardment, but Naomi had stopped him with tools
left behind by a local sysadmin who had revived a mirror installation
of Fort Clarion's computer systems. Petersen had had him murdered, but
it did not save him; when she last saw him during her brief visit to
deep space, she had found him frozen in a final scream that would go
forever unheard.

"You're shivering," said Eddie as he draped his jacket over her. "Are
you all right?"

It smelled of oil, old cannabis, and older sweat but Naomi tried to
appreciate the gesture. "Thanks. Some bad memories came up, that's
all."

"I'm not surprised. Didn't you take on Dusk Patrol with practically no
support?"

Naomi had had Christopher Renfield and a witness to some of the
murders, Mike Brubaker, on her side but she understood that a single
soldier and a young man not quite old enough for militia duty was
hardly the old soldier's idea of support. Eddie's idea of support was
shaped by his pre-Nationfall military training and involved at least
two fire teams with artillery and air support a radio call away. "Dusk
Patrol was bad odds, but they weren't insurmountable, and Dr. Petersen
had given me a temporary equalizer."

"Something happened afterward, didn't it?"

"Quite a few somethings," said Naomi. She no longer wanted her wine;
the old memories would steal its savor and bring her nightmares
tonight. It would not be the first time. After leaving a tip beneath
her glass, she shrugged off Eddie's old bomber jacket and returned it
to him. "I suppose you're a decent enough sort, but I've no intention
of working for Desdinova no matter how poorly my musical career
goes. If it was just a matter of money I could always do sex work
instead."

He caught up with her half a block away from the pub she had left
behind. "It wasn't Desdinova who sent me this time."

She whirled upon him, reaching for a sword that was not there. "Who is
it, then? Ian Malkin? First he claimed to be my father. Then he
claimed to be some kind of demon. Then he threatened to murder me. I
left my old life as an Adversary behind for a reason."

"It hasn't left you," said Eddie. "You were ready to draw on me the
second I reached out to grab you by the shoulder. If you had been
wearing a sword you would have done it."

"So what? I've heard about all of /your/ amorous misadventures. I
daresay I wouldn't be the first woman to draw on you."

"True enough," said Eddie, "And you'd have rather more cause than the
others. Then again, the last woman to pull a sword on me did it
because she caught me balls deep in her little brother. Can't really
blame her for that."

It was more than Naomi needed to know. "Dammit, Cohen."

"What? It was dark, I was drunk, and his arse was just as smooth."

"Goddammit, that's /way/ above my pay grade. I already knew more than
I cared to about your sexual life before you opened your mouth, and
had no need-to-know for any of it." Though she immediately regretted
it, she could not resist adding. "Please tell me the brother-buggery
was a joke, or at least consensual."

"Actually, I made all that up. But I have the sort of unsavory
reputation that makes it easy for you to believe such things of me,
don't I?"

Naomi knew better than to answer that, and she suspected she knew why
he had taken this tack. "You're trying to distract me."

Cohen shrugged. "You were looking pretty miserable back there. Like
you were dwelling on soul-scars and about to spiral into
depression. I've seen it happen before."

"You need a hand with this bloke?" An unfamiliar voice spoke behind
Naomi.

Turning around, she found herself looking down upon a strung-out youth
with a carving knife in his fist. "No, thank you. Not that I believe
for a moment that you're here out of concern for my well-being. This
looks more like the prelude to an attempt at robbery."

"Great. Saves me the trouble of 'splaining." The youth made a vaguely
threatening gesture with his knife. He did not quite brandish it, but
it was close enough for her purposes.

Catching his wrist in mid-flourish, Naomi took the knife from him and
tossed it down a storm drain. "Sorry, but I'm not in the mood
tonight."

"Step aside, please," said Eddie.

Naomi did so, turning halfway. Eddie had a suppressed pistol trained
on the youth and his finger on the trigger. "Don't bother. He's a
waste of ammunition."

"I only need one bullet. Two if I want to be professional about it."

Hearing this, Naomi imagined Eddie shooting the would-be robber in the
chest, and then putting a second shot through the back of his
head. The former military types who made up the Phoenix Society's old
guard called it a 'control shot' or 'confirming the kill'. "Put it
away, Eddie. I've already neutralized him."

The youth did not say anything. He merely put his hands up to show
that they were empty. "I'd be happy to just walk away now."

"You might as well stick around," said Naomi, "And save the
authorities the trouble of hunting you down."

A silver-haired man wearing a grey trench coat over a charcoal suit
stepped forward, spreading his hands. "Please stand down, Adversary
Bradleigh. That young man was working for me."

"And who the hell are you?"

"Call me Desdinova, if you please. I hope you'll pardon my resorting
to my brother's methods, but I needed to see for myself that you were
still an Adversary at heart."

Before Eddie could stop her, Naomi had closed the distance between her
and Desdinova, caught him by the lapels, and driven her knee into his
groin. She had hoped to feel his balls compress as he collapsed in her
grasp, reduced to a whimpering heap, but she was denied the
satisfaction. An unseen force stopped her from following through.

Desdinova favored Naomi with a small, tight smile. "Mind letting me
go, Adversary? I might not be the magus my brother Imaginos has
become, but I'm not about to let you purée my testes in a fit of
righteous indignation."

She threw him to the pavement with a shove, taking what satisfaction
she could in the ability to knock him on his arse. "I already told
Cohen that I wasn't interested in working for you, and these little
games you play do bugger-all to persuade me otherwise. So, what do you
want?"

"It's about what /you/ want," said Desdinova, dusting himself off as
he got to his feet. "You want a mission, and for your sins you're
getting one."


#### Everybody Gets Everything They Want

Eddie Cohen and Desdinova had escorted Naomi back to the pub where the
former had found her, the Armored Saint, in single file with Desdinova
behind her at his own insistence. She supposed they made quite the
trio, the grizzled biker, the grey dandy, and her in between, towering
over them both in a red turtleneck sweater and a calf-length black
skirt over opaque black tights with red-laced black leather combat
boots.

None of the other patrons seemed to care as Eddie rented a private
room and led them to it, which was why Naomi had taken to drinking at
the Armored Saint when she needed a few hours at a pub and she was in
the vicinity. People minded their own business here.

The private room was cramped, but once the door was closed the low hum
of the other patrons' conversations were inaudible. Naomi suspected
that nobody would hear them, either, unless somebody raised their
voice. The only relief from all of the polished wood was the painted
white ceiling and the wall-mounted screen. "So, gentlemen, is this
your idea of room service? And what makes you think I wanted a mission
in the first place?"

"You keep going from one band to another, one gig after another," said
Desdinova as a barmaid brought them drinks. He absently thanked her as
she placed a White Lady before him. "You're looking for a place to
belong, something resembling a sense of purpose."

Naomi shrugged. "Who isn't?"

"You had both as an Adversary."

"I thought I did," said Naomi. "But out of all the Adversaries I
worked with, I only stayed in touch with Jackie, and she quit just
like I did. Not that I didn't try."

"Not quite like you did," said Eddie. "You've got to admit she did a
better job of returning to civilian life than you."

Naomi refrained from using the first retort to spring to mind; though
she doubted she was Eddie's type she suspected he might mistake her
words for a serious offer just to mock her. "Jackie didn't go to
Clarion."

"You were rather explicitly told that Clarion wasn't your problem,"
said Desdinova.

"And yet nobody stopped me," said Naomi. "You both know as well as I
do that Clarion was an open wound left to fester for
decades. /Somebody/ had to do something, but nobody else would."

The screen on the wall flickered to life, and displayed a still image
of a young man in a recruit's uniform with unruly shoulder-length
black hair and slit-pupiled green eyes. The still became video as a
voice off-screen spoke. "Mr. Cooper, we have concerns about your
tendency toward recklessness. For example, you rushed into a fire
without training or protective equipment to rescue a family on the top
floor that professional firefighters had written off as impossible to
save. Can you explain why, in your own words?"

"This again?" Cooper's tone was that of a man tired of explaining
himself to people who refused to understand. "I did it because I
could. I did it because somebody should have and nobody else would."

Desdinova stopped the video. "Do you recognize any of the voices in
this video?"

"That was Saul Rosenbaum," said Naomi, not wanting to admit her
recognition of the younger man. If she was right, she had been that
boy's first kiss before telling him that he should go live a life,
make something of himself, and love somebody closer to his own age. If
she was right, it was partially her fault that he was well on his way
to becoming an Adversary.

"Your reasons for intervening in Clarion were the same reason Morgan
Cooper gave for rushing into a fire experienced professionals were
content to contain," said Eddie as he sipped his whiskey on the
rocks. "And frankly, you look like you know the kid."

"We've met," said Naomi, reluctant to admit more until Eddie and
Desdinova got to something that at least resembled a point. "Were you
planning to tell me what this is all about before the pub closes and I
am forced to finish my drinking at home?"

The men shared a glance. "Morgan Cooper recently faced the Milgram
Battery," said Desdinova. "I trust you remember what that entails."

Naomi shuddered as she recalled her own trial by nightmare. "You mined
his dreams and turned them against him, just like you used mine
against me."

"Indeed," said Desdinova. "What I'm about to tell you must remain
confidential—"

"Morgan still dreams of you," said Eddie. "Every once in a while."

"That seems romantic."

"Romance is as good a euphemism as any," said Eddie with a
sneer. "Though I suspect you know I ain't talking about love."

"I figured you for one of those misogynistic types for whom 'love' is
just another four letter word."

"I think of it as a plot device, but you're close enough to the mark."

Desdinova slowly shook his head. "Can we please get on with this?"
Locking his gaze on Naomi, he added. "Ms. Bradleigh, I suspect you
know more about why Morgan Cooper holds you in particular regard than
you've thus far seen fit to divulge. I should caution you that the
Society gets Witness Protocol telemetry from /all/ einherjar, but I
would rather you admitted—"

"Admitted what," said Naomi. "That I was his first kiss? I barely
brushed his lips with mine because I didn't want him looking back
later on and thinking that I took advantage of him, but I had caught
him leaving roses in my dressing room."

"Roses, huh?" Eddie shook his head. "Well, now we know the kid's got a
type."

"Please tell me he didn't latch onto another tall, snow-blonde asura."

A photograph of a human woman appeared on the screen. She was pale and
fashionably dressed, with wavy chestnut hair cut in a bob that barely
brushed her shoulders. One of her grey eyes had an orange streak that
reminded Naomi of a stray spark from a bonfire on a clear winter
day. She carried a violin case in her right hand, but wore no
weapon. "This is Christabel Crowley," said Desdinova.

"At least, that's what she calls herself," said Eddie. "Prior to her
makeover her name was Annelise Copeland, and she was a theater student
working a shit job to make ends meet."

"Isaac Magnin recruited her and gave her the means to reinvent
herself. As Christabel, she's become a minor sensation in the
classical/rock crossover scene. She's got an album called /Shattered
Harmonies/."

"That sounds familiar." Naomi searched her memories, trying to place
it. Had one of the musicians she had worked with recently played it,
or mentioned it? "I don't have a copy, though. I suppose I should
listen for myself to find out of it's any good."

"That would be a good idea, given what we mean to ask of you."

"Yeah," said Eddie. "This is a real choice mission."

"Quiet," said Desdinova, before turning back to Naomi. "Isaac Magnin
has placed Christabel Crowley in Morgan Cooper's orbit, most likely as
a means of exerting emotional control over him and possibly
influencing him toward Magnin's ends."

"Doesn't he have friends who see this woman for the tragedy waiting
for happen that she seems to be?" Naomi certainly hoped that Morgan
had sensible friends, and that he was sensible enough to listen to
them.

Eddie shook his head. "They're not involved yet. I can't warn him
against her without revealing what I know and explaining how I got my
intel. Furthermore, he doesn't have that many friends his own age; the
two he has would advise him to use her for his own pleasure and then
leave her behind once he gets bored with her."

"That seems rather sensible to me," said Naomi, since it was how she
had treated her own partners.

"He's sensitive, not sensible," said Eddie. "He met /you/ at precisely
the wrong moment. He had just discovered girls, and discovered—thanks
to you—that he likes 'em tall, pale, and gothalicious. Add that voice
of yours to the mix and you've got a recipe for obsession. You did a
credible job of heading that off, giving him a taste and then telling
him to fall in love with somebody his own age was smart. The problem
is that he's likely to take your advice."

"With somebody you think is wrong with him."

"Oh, she'd be perfect for him. Two young musicians from working-class
backgrounds, both desperate to make something of themselves and make
better lives?" Desdinova's smile turned cynical and jagged. "It's a
classic setup, pure Hollywood."

"That's the problem," said Eddie. "Christabel would be perfect for
Morgan, but she doesn't have his well-being in mind. Getting close to
him, getting into his head and his heart, is just a job for her. She's
going to break his heart."

"Most men survive getting their hearts broken," said Naomi. "I would
know, since I've broken a few myself. What's the worst that could
happen? Will he play emo Achilles, hiding in his room crying himself
to sleep while drinking to excess and cycling through a playlist of
vaguely misogynistic power ballads when you need him to do your dirty
work?"

As bitchy as the remark was, especially since she recalled Morgan
being polite, earnest, and often sweet during the brief interlude in
which they both worked at the same Manhattan dive bar, Naomi could not
quite bring herself to regret it. She had had an utterly crap day, and
all she had wanted was a few quiet drinks before going home, taking a
bath, and finally crawling into bed so she could get a few hours of
most likely restless sleep before picking herself up and jumping back
on the horse the next day.

"That would be a best-case scenario," said Eddie, all jocularity
gone. "The thing is, Morgan Cooper is one of the einherjar. We have no
idea /how/ he'd take having his heart broken by some actress playing
Mata Hari, and Desdinova here is scared shitless that he'd run amok
and kill a metric fuckton of innocent people."

"You're the reason anybody knows anything about the einherjar," said
Desdinova. "Your adventures in Clarion had the side effect of burning
my brother's identity at the time. You exposed Ian Malkin as the
civilian consultant behind Project Harker. He couldn't take
responsibility for that without also admitting the involvement of the
AsgarTech Corporation and exposing the existence of Project
Einherjar."

Naomi sighed, accepting that this was most likely to prove a long,
sleepless night. "Fine. What the bloody hell is Project Einherjar. Did
AsgarTech find a way to resurrect dead soldiers to serve as
Adversaries or something?"

"In this case," said Desdinova, "Einherjar means 'army of one' or 'one
who fights alone'. Project Harker was ostensibly about using asuras to
create artificial vampires, but its true aim was to forcibly awaken
latent physical and psychokinetic abilities within asuras. Project
Einherjar was about creating artificial asuras and making them
stronger, faster, and tougher."

"There was a prototype that fortunately doesn't matter right now
because the team found out the hard way that they couldn't control a
newborn einherjar in a fully-grown body. The production models, the
100 series, were distributed to couples seeking to adopt babies under
a strict NDA."

"How strict?"

"Sleeping with the fishes strict," said Eddie.

"So the einjerhar were already teenagers when you exposed their
existence," said Desdinova. "This allowed us to identify them, track
them, and pay particular attention to those who had either already
expressed their capabilities or appeared to be well on their way to
doing so."

"Most of the einherjar turned out to be wastes of space," said
Eddie. "Maybe if life kicked 'em in the bollocks a few times they'd
wake up and make something of themselves, but don't count on it. Of
the minority that turned out to be worth a damn, most are mercs or
gangsters. Then again, Morgan and Tetsuo are gangsters, too. They just
work for biggest syndicate on the bloody planet."

A sigh escaped Desdinova, and he sipped his cocktail. "Edmund, have I
not asked you to refrain from comparing the Phoenix Society with
organized crime? Manufacturing consent without resorting to blatant
propaganda is hard enough without you being as free with your cynicism
as you are with your libido."

A wicked notion occurred to Naomi. "Do you two have something personal
going? You certainly bicker like an old couple."

As Desdinova reddened and almost choked on his drink, Eddie took
advantage of his incapacity. "I wouldn't fuck him with Zeus' dick."

"Can we /please/ get back to business?"

"Must we? I'd rather just go home. I already told you once I wasn't
interested in working for you."

"You wouldn't just be working for Desdinova or even for me," said
Eddie. "Let's just say that the entire executive council has concerns
about Isaac Magnin and his methods. We know he's trying to guide
Morgan Cooper. We want to surround Morgan with people he can trust,
people who will inspire him to be a better man than he might otherwise
be. I think you can be one of those people."

"So, you want me to be his friend?"

"There's more," said Desdinova. He placed a familiar-looking sword on
the table and slid it across to Naomi. "Take this. You may need it."

Naomi refused to lift so much as a finger toward the weapon. "I sold
that demon-ridden thing /twice/ to be rid of it. First Imaginos gave
it to me as some kind of gift when I thought he was just my fencing
maestro. After I sold it, it came back to me. I had to sell it to
somebody on bloody Mars to be rid of it."

"I was rather put out by the necessity of having to fly all the way
out to Barsoom City to retrieve this," said Desdinova. "It was not the
sort of thing I could delegate, given the weapon's nature. Now, please
take the damned thing."

There was something in Desdinova's voice that pierced her resistance
and compelled her. As soon as her fingertips brushed the hilt, the
sword was in her head again. «Hello again. I missed you.»

"Why do I need this?"

Only Eddie had the nerve to look her in the eye. "We need you to get
close to Morgan and befriend him. If he proves a danger to himself and
others, we need you to use that sword to shut him down."

"Shut him down? Like he's a machine?"

"Shut him down with extreme prejudice," said Desdinova. "I've
retrieved the Starbreaker for you because it is the one weapon against
which he has no defense. As long as you can land a blow, it will prove
his bane."

She wanted to refuse, to thrust the demon sword back across the table
and tell both men that this was not /her/ problem, that she had done
enough, had /suffered/ enough, and that if this was their idea of a
choice mission they could shove it up their arses. A single cold
certainty stopped her. "If I refuse, you'll find somebody else to do
it. Somebody who doesn't see Morgan as a human being and won't
hesitate to murder him out of hand."

Desdinova nodded, and evidently had the decency to say nothing.

They were going to use him, Naomi realized. They would use him until
he had nothing left to give, until he was too broken to be of any
further use, and then they would throw him under a maglev. Just like
they tried to do to her for no better reason than that she had tried
to live up to her ideals and uphold her oath. "I'll take the mission
on one condition. Nobody tries to overrule my judgment. I won't draw
this blade until I'm convinced there's no other way."

"You'll be the Inquisitor in the field," said Desdinova. "It would be
sheer idiocy to try to overrule you."

Naomi stared at him. "Inquisitor?"

Eddie nodded. "We'll transfer you to the Accountability Division,
effective immediately. It will allow you to operate without the
interference you might face if you remained part of Human Rights."

"Inquisitors are not bound by due process restrictions," added
Desdinova. "If you find yourself without any option but summary
execution, you need not fear reprisal."

"Fine," said Naomi. "It won't be for your sake that I do this. I'll do
it because he deserves better than what the Phoenix Society will do to
him."


#### Gonna Get Close To You

Naomi's opportunity was longer in coming than she would otherwise have
preferred. Though Christabel had not yet made her first direct move on
Morgan when Eddie Cohen and Desdinova had approached her, that did not
mean that Naomi could approach Morgan in her absence. Doing so would
have warned Isaac Magnin of movement on the part of his opposition. It
was matter of informational warfare. One had to know what the enemy
was doing without revealing one's knowledge to the enemy.

She perforce contented herself with session work, racking up featuring
credits on tracks with any band that wanted a soprano vocalist or a
keyboard player for one or two songs. It paid more reliably than
trying to latch onto a single band, something she had not managed
since her two-year stint with Sleeping Sun.

In the meantime, she had gotten her hands on a copy of Christabel's
/Shattered Harmonies/ album. To her chagrin, the violinist had made a
point of thanking her in the liner notes for "bon mots and dollops of
insider wisdom dispensed between recordings of B-sides and bonus
tracks". To her further chagrin, the album was better than she had
expected. She had figured that Christabel herself would have nothing
to do with the album's production, that it had all been done by
session musicians and that when called upon to perform live she would
only have had to bow in time to the recorded violin parts, an
undertaking rather more complicated than mere lip syncing, but not
impossible for a sufficiently dedicated actor.

However, Christabel's dedication to her acting craft had driven her to
do a credible job of learning the violin and picking up enough music
theory to participate in the composition and arrangement of the pieces
she recorded for her debut album. Though she probably let the other
composers and arrangers do most of the work—Naomi had racked up a good
many songwriting credits herself merely by suggesting a riff or motif
that others then built upon—she had done enough to merit an arranger
credit on every piece drawn from the Western canon and composition
credits on every original piece.

To her mortification, she had not been paying attention when
Christabel finally got her hooks into Morgan. It had been Claire
Ashecroft, who had adopted her as an honorary aunt by virtue of her
friendship with Claire's aunt Jacqueline Russo, that had alerted
her. She had stood waiting in the back garden as Naomi fenced with
shadows to stay in fighting trim, and waited until she had noticed the
younger woman and sheathed her blade. "Oi, Nims. Did you know that
that Crowley bird's just dropped another album?"

"I've been on holiday this week and not paying attention," said
Naomi. It was the truth; she had made the point of taking a week off
just to be alone and read something that had nothing whatsoever to do
with music theory or the music industry. In fact, she had filched one
of Jackie's trashy romance novels. "I suppose I'd better go get a
copy."

"You could borrow mine," said Claire. "The first one was good study
music and I figured this would be more of the same, but it's actually
a little /too/ proggy. She's also got this new sideman who plays both
guitar and bass at the same time, and he looks absolutely
scrumptious. The liner notes are actually kinda distracting because of
the photos."

Claire had given Naomi a salacious wink as she said this, as if to
imply that Naomi understood what sort of distraction she was talking
about. "All right. Let's have a look."

Claire had the record playing on the stereo in the living room by the
time Naomi had finished washing up. She handed over the sleeve as
Naomi joined her. Though Christabel Crowley's name was most prominent
on the cover of /Shattered Harmonies II/, the back cover listed her
sidemen. Not that Naomi needed to turn over the sleeve to recognize
Morgan Cooper. He was standing back to back with Christabel, both
facing the camera with teased hair, makeup, and icy stares.

Opening the gatefold, Naomi saw that whoever had done the photography
had taken an equal-opportunity approach to objectifying their
subjects. Men, women, and those who knew better—each was subject to a
gaze intended to make them as stimulating to the viewer's libido as
possible.

Claire stopped Naomi at a photo of Morgan gazing upward beneath
half-lidded eyes. "That one's my favorite. Tall, dark, brooding, with
smoldering green kitty eyes. You know it's only the white-haired
pretty-boys that turn out to be villainous, right? Pale, dark-haired
bishounen always turn out to be quiet, noble types. They might not get
the princess, but they always thaw the icy witchy types, especially if
they're the villain's daughter and thus can't believe they're capable
of true love."

"I've no notion of what you're on about," said Naomi. This was a lie;
she had at least flipped through enough of Claire's manga, which the
girl bought secondhand and in bulk because the retail prices for
individual volumes varied in her estimation between extortion and
non-consensual buggery.

"Then you won't mind explaining why I keep finding volumes of /Divine
Wings of Tragedy/ on your nightstand?"

Naomi shook her head. "You keep leaving them there, presumably when
it's your turn to vacuum."

"Fair enough." Claire turned her attention back to the photo of Morgan
Cooper. "I bet we could get /him/ to vacuum for us. Maybe in a little
Parisian maid's outfit with kitten heels."

"Does Aunt Jackie know what sort of kinky network sites you visit when
you should be sleeping?"

"She should; I keep finding new ones in /her/ browsing history."

"Dammit, Claire. I did not need to know that."

"Oh, please. You're not nearly as prudish as you pretend to be with
me."

"You're fifteen. What are you going to be like when you're old enough
to act on your fantasies?"

Claire's smile broadened to Cheshire cat proportions. "Insatiable."
She tapped the photo of Morgan that had inspired her fancies. "So if
you want this cutie you'd better get your claws in him before I do."

"I was his first kiss, so if real life is anything like the manga you
read when you should be studying I don't think you've got a chance."

"Probably not," said Claire. "But why is he with Christabel Crowley?
Not that she isn't kinda hot herself, but she's nowhere near your
level."

That last remark raised questions about Claire's fantasy life that
Naomi thought best left unanswered. "Simple truth? He was fifteen at
most at the time. I didn't want to take advantage of somebody that
young, so I only gave him a chaste little kiss, and then told him I
was too old for him and that he should go live a life and love
somebody closer to his own age."

"He's twenty now, and you're twenty-seven. That age gap isn't as
problematic now as it was five years ago. You ought to show him why
First Girl Wins is a legitimate trope."

/Don't tempt me./

Naomi was sure that had been a private thought until Claire eyes lit
up. "Well, let's make it happen."

"I can't just go up to them and tell Christabel I've got prior claim."

"No, but you picked the wrong time to go on holiday and ignore the
world," said Claire. "Apparently the new album's selling enough that
Christabel is auditioning for a vocalist. Preferably one who can play
the keyboards, too."

The Melody Maker ad hit Naomi's implant before Claire had finished,
and it backed up her claims. "Vocalist and keyboardist wanted for new
neo-Romantic heavy metal project, Crowley's Thoth. Blind
audition. Hmmm..."

Claire had disappeared, only to return a few minutes later toting a
headset and an old laptop whose lid was covered in decals featuring
rather aggressive-looking cartoon puffer-fish. One of them seemed to
be brandishing a revolver in each fin. "Well, what the 'ell are you
waiting for? You gonna call the bloody label and request an audition?"

"I don't need a laptop and headset for that."

"This is for me to use once you've put yourself into contention," said
Claire, flashing a rather piratical grin. "Once you've done, I'm going
to spoof the record label's contact and redirect everybody else's
audition requests to the null device. Because we didn't pounce on this
advert right away, it's likely that a few have already gotten through
and put themselves on the list. This is fine; if Christabel has half a
brain and if you're the only one to show up she'd probably smell a
rat."

"I think you, Jackie, and I ought to have a little talk about your
ethics," said Naomi. It troubled her that Claire thought she needed to
cheat, and that she was willing to help Naomi rig the audition by
limiting the talent pool.

"Oh, bugger the ethics," said Claire. "I overheard you and
Jackie. You've got some kind of important mission from the Phoenix
Society, right? You need to get close to Morgan and protect
him. Helping you do that is more important than letting a bunch of
randos have a shot at joining Crowley's Thoth, especially if
Christabel Crowley is working for that white-haired pretty-boy running
AsgarTech."

"Besides," Claire added, lowering her voice. "I've seen you wearing a
St. Judas medal. I might be edging toward black hat territory, but
you're already there."

Naomi lifted the medal from under her blouse for Claire to see. "I
wear this because I might have to kill Morgan."

"Holy shit." Claire's whispered blasphemy sounded almost reverent in
its hushed intensity. "He might still love you, and you might have to
kill him because he's einherjar and might run amok? This ought to be a
shōjo manga. I am /so/ not missing out on this. Hurry your arse up,
Nims; the audition's tomorrow and they're only taking applications
until midnight."

Once Naomi made the call, Claire got to work. She worked long into the
night, fielding call after call without breaking character,
extemporizing as needed to convince every hopeful caller that she
actually worked for Dark Eternal Records and that she was adding them
to the list for Christabel's consideration. She directed each mark to
a different location several kilometers away from where the audition
was actually happening so that they were less likely to meet, compare
notes, and figure out that they had been conned.

Once midnight had passed, Claire closed her connections, concealed her
electronic trail, and shut down her computer. Slipping off the
headset, she stretched and loosed a jaw-breaking yawn. "I don't think
any of them suspected a thing. Damn, I'm good."

"You realize what you've done, right?"

"Yep. Social engineering. If I wasn't using a computer you could call
me a confidence woman."

Naomi shook her head. "You mean a con artist? That's not exactly an
honest trade."

Claire shrugged. "Depends on who I'm conning and why, doesn't it? If
it's for a greater good, doesn't that justify what I'm doing?"

"No, it doesn't," said Naomi. "That's the whole point of wearing a
Saint Judas medal. Necessary evils are still evil. Worse, they might
not even be necessary in the first place. But we've still got to live
with them."

Another shrug from Claire. "This shit's getting a bit too recondite
for my taste. You needed help, and I was able to help you. That's all
that matters to me."

Naomi tacitly conceded the point after considering Claire's age. At
her developmental stage, she still lacked the ability to do the moral
reasoning necessary to fully grasp the problematic nature of the help
she had provided, and expecting her to do it anyway was itself
unfair. "Will you do me a favor? Next time you're thinking of doing
something like this, please ask me first. I know you don't think it's
wrong, but if you run a con like this on the wrong people and it goes
sideways, you could find yourself in dire trouble."

Once Claire had promised she would and scampered off to bed, Naomi
stared at Morgan's photo. The lyrics of a stalker's anthem that had
entered the public domain decades ago sprang unbidden to her
lips. /Maybe I'll see you tomorrow,/ she thought before putting the
record away.


#### Email between Claire and Naomi concerning network site updates

    from: Claire Ashecroft <redacted>
    to: Naomi Bradleigh <redacted>
    date: 2101-03-13 23:58
    subject: Network Site Updates

    Nims:

    I've given some thought to how you can discreetly report to your
    handlers now that they've disabled your implant's Witness Protocol
    daemon. As we discussed, keeping a plain text journal has always been
    an option. The hard part is ensuring that your handlers get an updated
    copy every so often.

    I think I've hit upon a solution, but first I'm going to remind you of
    how your network site currently works for context, in case you've
    forgotten because you had more pressing concerns.

    Your site runs on a virtual Unix host, which we both access over SSH.
    I've already hardened the host so that root has no remote login, and
    so that neither of us can login without a public key authorized by the
    host. Furthermore, anybody who attempts to access port 22 (SSH) from
    an unauthorized IP address gets redirected to port 443 (HTTPS).

    My suggestion is that we create accounts for your handlers and lock
    them so that all they can do is download a copy of your journal via
    sftp. Once that's done, you can periodically upload your surveillance
    journal when updating your site. Just include an encrypted tarball
    containing the latest version when updating your public journal, and
    put it in /home/nbradleigh/web/. I'll update the cron job that builds
    your site so that it first copies the tarball to your handlers' home
    directories. I'll then update your site's makefile to exclude the
    tarball.

    Since your site is actually served from /var/www/htdocs/ the general
    public won't be able to read your private journal unless the site is
    compromised. I can do the setup as soon as I have your handlers' IP
    addresses and SSH pubkeys.

    --
    Claire Ashecroft
    <redacted>
    "People who think sex is a pain in the arse need more lube."

    from: Naomi Bradleigh <redacted>
    to: Claire Ashecroft <redacted>
    date: 2101-03-14 08:02
    subject: Re: Network Site Updates

    Thanks, Claire. You should find attached a tarball containing IP
    addresses and SSH public keys for my handlers. Please make the
    necessary arrangements to ensure that they can download copies of my
    surveillance journal at their convenience.

    --
    Naomi Bradleigh
    <redacted>
    I don't know anything about music.  In my line you don't have to.
                    -- Elvis Presley

    PS: Are you using a shell script to generate your email signature
    again? I hope for your sake that this is the case, and that you are
    not sharing hard-won experiential wisdom. 


#### Naomi Bradleigh's Journal, 31 March 2101 (The Dark Sword Likes Cuddles)

There was a reason I tried twice to get rid of the sword Ian Malkin
gave me. I've never wielded it. I try not to even grasp its scabbard,
let alone lay a hand on its hilt.

The sword speaks to me.

This isn't a metaphor. Nor is it a joke. It is literal and deadly
serious. The sword that Desdinova retrieved and insisted I carry
because it is supposedly the only weapon capable of killing Morgan
with a single blow is something out of one of those sword and sorcery
novels I used to get as birthday presents from my faerie godfather as
a little girl.

It figures that my faerie godfather would turn out to be my fencing
maestro, who turned out to be the arsehole who founded the original
AsgarTech Corporation, Ian Malkin, and helped with Project
Harker. And, naturally, he was the keeper of a sentient runeblade that
seems to take perverse delight in creeping me out.

I had hoped to be rid of all of that, but he's back as Isaac Magnin.

The dark sword is back in my hands, too, and back in my head.

I don't think the connection is mystical or psychic. Instead, I think
the damned thing has somehow reverse engineered my implant's wireless
networking protocols and has taken to texting me.

It could only reach me when I was touching it at first. But it seems
to have gotten stronger, and can now clamor for attention whenever I'm
close.

It insists I stop calling the damned thing "it" or "the sword" or "the
damned thing". It tells me it has a name. Of course, it won't reveal
it; apparently I'm supposed to figure it out on my own.

As if I had nothing better to do.

The upside is that the damn thing doesn't have to be a sword. It can
change its form to suit its wielder. I've changed it into a dagger, a
spear, a knuckle duster, a staff, and a tonfa. The only limitation is
that it won't take a form that requires ammunition.

I've decided to call the sword 'Ahriman'. It's always whispering to
me, trying to tempt me. Again, I'm not joking or being metaphorical
here. This sword is sentient, and is evidently desperate to
communicate.

As one might expect, Ahriman tends to be rather bloodthirsty. I dare
not take it out in public; even sheathed it points to this person or
that person and attempts to persuade me that I am within my rights to
murder them. Reminding it that the death penalty has been abolished
for all crimes save for tyranny and corruption on the part of Phoenix
Society personnel avails me nothing; it has somehow decided that the
social death of being made an unperson before being permanently exiled
from Earth is a crueler penalty and that we'd be bringers of mercy
rather than murderers. Never mind that with one exception—and I
fervently and regularly pray to any god willing to listen that it will
never prove necessary—I am /not/ in the euthanasia business.

When not inciting me to murder or doing its best to creep me out
(something at which it succeeds more often than I'd prefer), Ahriman
seems almost lonely. It is almost as if it were once a man and still
craves company. It tends to become quiet with I let my hand rest on
its hilt, as if my touch comforts it. Likewise if I sing in its
presence. And though its personality is decidedly that of a mature and
commanding man, there are moments when it seems younger and
vulnerable, more a lonely boy instead.

For example, Ahriman enjoys being read to before I go to bed, though
its tastes are definitely that of a boy. It cares little for
introspective, literary novels. No, the sword craves more
adventuresome fare. I've found myself rereading many of the novels I
read as a little girl, tales of wizardry and wild romance.

Thrice a year, on my birthday and on the summer and winter solstices,
a package addressed to me would show up. In it I would find
public-domain media chosen for me by somebody who knew my temperament
and tastes better than my parents. Somebody knew that I craved
adventure, that I did not dream of being rescued by a handsome and
daring prince.

Instead, I saw myself as a witch and warrior—and if some handsome and
daring prince got in over his head and needed me to rescue him, that
suited me just fine.

There was one saga I loved best, that of Morgaine. The last of a team
of soldier-scientists on a suicide mission to close ancient spacetime
gates before they were misused to cause yet another reality
dysfunction, she found herself trapped in a gate until a desperate
warrior named Vanye freed her, and then sought shelter by her
fire. She claimed his service for a year in exchange as was the custom
of his people, and they shared many perils together. She saved Vanye
many times, but he saved her rather often himself.

Of course, Ahriman likes the Morgaine stories because of her sword
Changeling. It's a demon-sword as well, though not particularly
talkative. Hell, Ahriman is mad for any story involving such accursed
weapons whether the sword is called Caine, Stormbringer, Gram, or
Dragnipur.

Fortunately, the sword's taste for adventuresome bedtime stories and
heavy metal songs about war and ass-kicking give me a bit of
leverage. If it gets /too/ obnoxious, I can always threaten
deprivation. It seems rather cruel, though.

Memo to self: Claire once mentioned a manga featuring a mercenary
warrior in a medieval setting that she had characterized as a "size
queen". He must have been packing a really big sword. Was it called
/Bleach/ or /Berserk/? Ahriman might enjoy it, as long as the fights
don't drag on /too/ long.


#### Naomi Bradleigh's Journal, 14 February 2111 (Love Grows)

I've never experienced the freefall infatuation that society and
centuries of culture had led me to expect of falling in love. The
development of my regard was perceptible only in hindsight. Rather
than having my defenses shattered with a single kiss the slow
accretion of fleeting moments, trivial courtesies, little kindnesses,
and tentative, accidental touches gently eroded the studied
indifference with which I approached my subject out of necessity, for
how could I justify loving a man when duty might demand his death by
my hand? It's hard not to feel cheated; it seems Morgan got to fall in
love with me twice as a boy and then a man, but did I ever get to fall
in love with him? I think not. In me love grew, but what if I only
think he fell twice for me because I could not see how his love for me
grew in him? I only know what he tells me, and we've dared tell each
other so little.

It figures that I might finally realize all of this while in bed with
Christopher Renfield. He slept on his side, content to let me be the
big spoon and mold myself to him. It had been something I had enjoyed
often in the decade or so since we met in Clarion as amiable
enemies. He had been a holdout from Nationfall with the rest of his
special forces squad, reluctant guardians of Project Harker, a program
of military scientific experiments that had made artificial vampires
of them. He was still beautiful; a little shorter than me, but with a
slim, muscular physique, oceanic eyes, and honey-gold hair that became
an unruly mop once he abandoned his crew cut and fatigues for civilian
fashion.

We did not meet often, only a few times a year, but whenever our paths
crossed he made a point of inviting me to dinner or out for drinks. It
was pleasant to talk with a friend who wasn't part of the Phoenix
Society, but still understood what I did when not performing. And if
neither of us was involved with somebody else, we ended up in bed
together more often than not. It was mostly just friendly, casual bed
play—not quite lovemaking, but not devoid of affection either.

We had been good for each other tonight, but while he had eventually
drifted off to sleep as I held him, I was not so fortunate.

Though I had been content with our arrangement, I found myself wanting
more than a friendship with benefits, and it was not with Christopher
that I craved this more intimate arrangement. It was probably best to
break the news to him now.

"Chris?" He stirred a little as my lips brushed his ear, and it was
impossible to resist taking a little nip of his earlobe before
whispering the four words no man wanted to hear, especially at zero
dark thirty. "We need to talk."

He turned over and opened his eyes, slitting them against the light I
had turned on. "What is it?"

"We probably shouldn't do this again."

"Is it the kid?"

"He's still letting Christabel abuse him because he thinks keeping the
band together will help me, but I don't need Crowley's Thoth any more
than he does, I'm tired of waiting for him to figure that out, and
what we've shared can't be all that fulfilling for you, either."

Renfield finally sat up, allowing the covers to pool about his
waist. He certainly was a gorgeous specimen; one could do far worse
for a part-time lover.

"It's about fuckin' time, Nims." Catching my chin, he caressed my
jawline with a thumb before leaning in to steal a kiss. "Were you
afraid I'd take it poorly?"

"No. It was just that I was tired of bands breaking up because
somebody thought they were in love with me. When I found myself
wanting Morgan as more than a friend or a band-mate, I fought it. I
thought I was being reasonable."

"Sounds like you got tired of being reasonable."

More like I had come to my senses and realized that life was too short
to waste abstaining from one's desires for fear of the
consequences. "I think I figured out that it's perfectly reasonable
for me to go after what I want from life, instead of worrying that
Morgan might not be ready to take a chance."

"He's a grown-ass man. If he isn't ready for you, he can use his words
and say so. But I've seen you too together, and I don't think he
will. I think he's been waiting for you."

"That was hardly necessary."

Christopher shrugged. "Weren't you this guy's first kiss or
something?"

It had barely qualified; all I had done was brush my lips against
his. Then I had pushed him away told him to go live a life of his own
and meet somebody his own age. I explained as much and added, "I'm
worried he made more of it than it really was."

"It sounds like he took your advice," said Christopher. "He's lived
his own life, and he met somebody his own age. Unfortunately, she's no
good for him."

"He's seven years my junior." I knew it was a lousy excuse, but it was
the last one I had. I didn't want to take advantage of somebody that
much younger than me.

"That might have mattered at the time, but he was still mostly a boy
then. Now he's almost thirty, right?"

"You're saying the gap doesn't matter now?"

"I'm old enough to be your grandfather," said Christopher, laying back
without bothering to pull up the covers. He seemed happy to be on
display. "You didn't let that stop you ten years ago.  You were, what,
eighteen?"

"Twenty-one, if you insist on knowing." I don't think it was
unreasonable of me to throw a pillow at him before I ducked into the
shower. However, it was not until I was dressed that it occurred to me
that since it was Lovers' Night Morgan might be with
Christabel. Showing up at his door was out of the question when he
might be in bed with her, all closed eyes and thoughts of
England. Calling was no better, but a text? If he was indeed busy he'd
probably have gone dark and would not see my message until
later. Likewise if he were asleep. If he did not see it until the
morning I could pass it off as a drunk text. «Are you still up?»

«I'm at the hotel bar. Are you all right?»

«I'm fine.»

«Did things not go well with Renfield?»

Oh, damn. How could I have forgotten that he knew I was with Renfield
tonight? Looking over at him, I found that he too had gotten
dressed. "Tell the kid something came up, I had to leave early, and
you've been by yourself. You're freshly showered because you just got
back from the gym."

«Things went fine with Renfield. He's getting dressed and encouraging
me to lie to you. Can we talk in person?»

«Sure, if you don't mind coming down to rescue me. There's this woman
trying to seduce me, but I don't think she wants me for herself. She
keeps looking at some guy, and they wear matching wedding bands.»

Oh, dear. That was just what Morgan needed tonight: a couple looking
to spice up their marriage by involving a third party. Having been in
his position myself it was easy to sympathize. «I'll be there as soon
as I can get a lift to my floor.»

Grabbing my coat and sword, I spared Renfield a
glance. "Sorry. Morgan's fending off a wife with a bi husband who's
trying to set up a threesome."

He followed me out into the hall, slipping into his own coat. "Need a
hand?"

Generous of him to offer, considering that I meant to claim another
bloke as my own. "I have a plan."

"I'll take the next lift, then. That should let me get there in time
to enjoy the fireworks."

Or lend a hand if things went pear-shaped, I suppose. Hopefully I
would turn out to be right about not needing his help. "Thanks."

When I reached the hotel bar I found Morgan at the far end, with a
redhead whose gown was only barely adequate to the engineering
challenged presented by her surgically enhanced figure. Most of the
people seated at tables were interested in each other, or in the
willowy brunette singing torch songs slightly out of time with the
pianist accompanying her. I felt sorry for the poor bastard and left a
tip in his glass before finding the one patron looking to the bar. The
reason for his interest was obvious; he was a tattooed millionaire in
a bad suit hoping wifey would being back a toyboy for them to
share. Either that, or wifey was the one who ran the marriage and
wanted hubby to give her a show.

Not that I begrudged them either way, but they could have their fun
with somebody else. Looking down at hubby, I pulled out the chair
opposite him. "Excuse me. Do you mind if I join you?"

"Sorry, but we weren't looking for a woman tonight."

"Fair enough; I wasn't interested in joining a couple. I had hoped you
might call off your wife. My boyfriend asked me to rescue him, and
he's more reluctant than I am to make a scene."

As I finished this little speech I laid my sword on the table. I
wanted hubby to understand just what sort of scene I was willing to
make.

He stared at the sword, then stared at me. "I'd love to help, but
Janice doesn't listen to me once she gets an idea into her head. I had
told her to leave that guy alone, that he didn't look like he was
looking for company, but she has her heart set on having him join us."

Well, hubby certainly wasn't the driving force in that relationship. I
would have to deal with Janice myself. Morgan's big green kitty eyes
got even bigger as I approached and tapped her shoulder. I stepped
back as she turned to get a look at me with a hand resting on the hilt
of my sword. "Excuse me."

"Who the hell are you?"

"That's my man you're pestering, and I must insist upon you leaving
him alone."

«Just kill this asshole.» I knew that voice, and glanced down at my
sword. The damned thing had disguised itself as the Nakajima blade I
ordinarily wore in public, the little shit. «Cut her down, and then
lick her blood off his lips before you kiss him.»

«No, Ahriman. Bad.» First Renfield, and now the dark sword? Why do all
the men (or masculine personalities) around me insist on giving me
advice on how to seduce Morgan? «I don't think he's into that.»

«You're into it. I can tell by your heartbeat.»

Christ, he was worse than Claire. «Look, I know you mean well, but
I've got this.»

Before the sword could reply, Janice did. "I don't see him wearing
your ring."

"He wears my collar." Ignoring Morgan's embarrassment—and how did he
blush so prettily when he's the sort of man who thinks nothing of
bring a sword to a gunfight—I pressed on. "Discreetly, of course. He
is a gentleman, after all."

She backed out from between us and gave him a contemptuous
once-over. "He's probably too gentle for what I had in mind
anyway. You're welcome to keep him."

With that, she walked away and Morgan let go of the breath I had not
realized he was holding. Before I could check on him, the bartender
finally showed up. "Sorry to keep you waiting," she said. "We know
that woman and refuse to serve her, but we can't just toss her out
because her husband is a part-owner. But if she had gone too far I
would have called security."

I leaned over the bar, invading her space. "He asked me to come down
here and rescue him. I think that woman had already gone too far, but
you didn't realize it because my friend was reluctant to make a
scene."

"I'm sorry. I'll tell the rest of the staff and we'll try to do better
so something like this doesn't happen again."

"Fair enough," It would have to be; she's a bartender, not an
Adversary, and stepping in when a patron took their flirtation
entirely too far was just a bit above her pay grade. "A glass of the
house red for me, please, and a ${FRUITY_COCKTAIL} for him."

Though the bartender raised an eyebrow at my choice, she made no
remark. Sensible of her.

"Thanks," said Morgan as I settled onto the stool beside him.

"You didn't mind me ordering something sweet for you, right?"

"No. It's not like I get the buzz so I might as well drink for taste."
He gave a grim smile, "And if some macho fool wants to pick a fight
because he thinks my drink is girly, we can step outside and dance."

"Where was that spirit when Janice wouldn't take no for an answer?"

Morgan looked down at the bar. "What she did wasn't enough to justify
violence."

"If a man treated me like that, he'd have my steel at his throat."

"That's your choice to make. But it would look different if I drew my
sword on her."

Damn it, he was right. If somebody mistreated me, I could kick their
arse and nobody would convict me in court or damn me in the
press. Morgan still had to sit there and take it like a man. "I'm
sorry you had to go through that."

"Thanks," said Morgan. "Could you keep an eye on my drink? I'd like to
duck into the men's room for a moment."

"Of course."

To my dismay, Janice's husband went in soon afterward. Fortunately, he
came out less than a minute later hunched over and clutching his
belly. When Morgan returned, all I asked was, "Feel better?"

"Considerably. Bastard tried to start a beef because I apparently
thought his wife wasn't good enough. He couldn't accept that I had a
girlfriend."

"I'd hardly call Christabel that."

Morgan shrugged. "She's what I've got, and I've got nobody to blame
for that but myself. I could have let her go. I could have left the
band go, but when where would you be?"

Oh, God, I have had enough of this bullshit. "I'd be with you, in our
own band. You think I actually give a shit about Crowley's Thoth?"

"I thought you were happy."

"I was making do, just like you." How I wished I could tell him why I
was really there. The reasons that brought me here weren't the ones
that kept me here, but would he understand? "Where /is/ Christabel?"

Another shrug. "With Isaac Magnin. When I got back to our room after
the meet & greet I found a note saying she'd be meet us in time for
the next show and that I was welcome to amuse myself in any way I
pleased."

Oh, that opened so many possibilities. "Would it please you to amuse
yourself with me?"

Our drinks arrived before he could say anything. Rather than taste my
wine, I took a sip from Morgan's drink and marked the rim of the glass
with my lipstick before passing it to him. Claire would have called it
an 'indirect kiss', and surely Morgan had spent enough time around my
honorary niece to know it. "Think about it for now. We'll talk more
after we've had our drinks."


#### Naomi Bradleigh's Journal, 15 February 2111 (His Damnable Integrity)

I had hoped from the way his eyes smoldered as he sipped the drink I
had tasted that he might pounce on me once we were alone in the
elevator. To my disappointment, he behaved himself, though this might
have been for the best since the lift kept stopping to take on more
passengers. By the time we had reached his floor, we had to gently
shoulder our way out from the back of the lift. It was fortunate
Christabel was not with us; we were in Paris and she refused to speak
a word of any language but English even when our tours brought us to
cities where only hotel staff spoke it as a courtesy to guests whose
command of that language exceeded that of the local tongue.

I hope my father found Christabel's obstinacy in linguistic matters
charming, for it annoyed me to have to speak for her and I rather
suspected it irked Morgan as well--though in fairness we often spoke
for one another if one of us was better with a particular language
than the other.

Still, if Morgan had not pressed me against the wall and kissed me
breathless in the lift, I had retained some hope he might do it in the
hallway, or even press me against the door to his hotel room before
opening it and carrying me over the threshold so that he might throw
me onto the bed.

Perhaps I had not been sufficiently direct, but I found myself
reluctant to force the issue; he had surely had enough of that for one
night at the hotel bar. Nonetheless, it seemed somebody had to say
something, and I was unlikely to get what I wanted if I kept
quiet. "Now that we're alone, let's speak plainly."

"Should I get you a drink, first?"

Clever man, trying to delay me. But I had wasted enough time. "I've
had my drink for the night. There was a reason I texted you
earlier. Shall I tell you what it was?"

Morgan indicated one of the armchairs, and took the other. "I'm
listening."

"I was in bed with Renfield. We have--or had--an informal
arrangement. If we were in the same city we'd meet for dinner or a
drink. And if neither of us was otherwise engaged, we'd sleep
together."

"That seems reasonable," said Morgan. "But where do I enter into
this?"

"You never stopped being in love with me, did you?"

He had gone crimson all over. This was no mere blush, and it occurred
to me that for somebody who so obviously prided themselves on their
restraint, to stand accused of still being infatuated with their first
youthful crush might be just a little humiliating.

"Was I that obvious?" His question came out in a barely audible
whisper. One suspects he did not realize he had even spoken.

"Not at first. After a while I began to notice little things. In
fairness, it seems to me that you had gotten over me, and when we got
to know each other as part of Crowley's Thoth you started to fall for
me again."

His color had settled a bit; surely that was a good sign. "You're
right. I had, but I tried to be discreet about it. After all, I'm with
Christabel, and you've how many bands break up around you because one
of the other members decided they just had to have you, or because
their partners got jealous of you?"

"Entirely too many, and I did appreciate your restraint as well as
your respect for your relationship with Christabel."

"It's too bad Christabel herself doesn't respect it," said Morgan,
letting the bitterness show. "Besides, aren't you still with
Renfield?"

One supposes he had not noticed my use of the past tense when
explaining my old arrangement. "That's over. I ended it tonight."

"Why would you do that? Was it not a situation that suited you?"

"It did until it didn't," Perhaps it might seem strange that he had a
better understanding of his feelings than I had of mine since emotion
remains the province of women in the minds of too many who should
bloody well know better. However, it did not surprise me. As an
einherjar determined to pass for human, Morgan seemed to monitor and
analyze his emotional state as if his survival depended on it. It
might even have done so if too many people remembered that he was not
human and took exception.

But what excuse did I have? Inexperience, I suppose, which at my age
seems flimsy even to me. "Would you be shocked if I told you that I
had never been in love, and that I did not understand how I felt until
tonight?"

His eyes were so grave as he studied me. "Are you saying that you were
in bed with Renfield after having sex with the man and realized he
wasn't the one you wanted?"

"Exactly. Yes, I've told him. He actually encouraged me to lie to you
and tell you I was freshly showered because I had just finished at the
gym."

"We're both adults here, Nims. Of course you were going to have
relationships. It's just that we both have lousy timing."

That's certainly the Devil's own truth. "Look. Maybe I shouldn't have
flirted with you in the bar, and maybe I shouldn't even be here, but I
wanted to tell you that I don't want you to stay in a shitty
relationship for my sake. I don't need Crowley's Thoth any more than
you do. You know we're good together on stage. We've got chemistry
that Christabel can't touch, and she knows it too. That's one reason
she keeps hurting you. If you quit the band, I'll follow, because when
I claimed you as my own to get that slag Janice away from you I meant
it."

It was the barest brush of his lips against mine, a kiss so chaste it
barely qualified as one. It tasted like revenge for the way I had
first kissed him so long ago. "I want to be yours, but I can't let
myself be the one to end it. That's not the kind of man I want to be."

Damn it. I was afraid he'd say that. It hurt worse than an outright
rejection. "I don't want to sleep alone tonight."

"Neither do I." Morgan looked at the two queen-sized beds. "Which
would you prefer?"


#### Naomi Bradleigh's Journal, 1 February 2112 (After the Fight in Boston)

We took down Alexander Liebenthal today. We won, didn't we? It hardly
feels like victory. Sarah's lost a leg below the knee, and isn't
taking it well. I've got a broken rib, and it would have been worse if
that experimental armor Nakajima made for Morgan and me had
failed. The armor didn't help Morgan at all, but I suppose that's
asking a bit much considering that he used his body to break
Liebenthal's fall from the top floor of City Hall.

He broke roughly half the bones in his body. Half of them healed
crooked for lack of medical attention.

I should be writing this from Morgan's hospital room. Instead, I'm
sitting in the hospital's cafeteria, drinking tea and waiting. I
/know/ he's going to be all right. Desdinova himself did the surgery,
working almost twelve hours to re-break and set the bones that healed
crooked after Morgan had broken them the first time around.

But I can't bear to look at Morgan right now. Every time he puts
himself in harm's way to spare me or one of our friends or a civilian
I find myself seething. I want to grab Morgan and shake him until he
understands that /his/ life matters as much as anybody else's, but I
know it won't help. This is how he was made.

I want to go after the bastard who made him. I would love to grab
Isaac Magnin and shake /him/ too, and then drop him off the parapet of
the AsgarTech Building once I get tired. But is it his fault, either?
He designed Morgan, edited his genome, supervised his gestation,
selected his parents, and did everything he could to make Morgan's
life a prison of his own design, but the sense of justice I've seen in
Morgan was beyond Isaac's power to bestow.

Isaac made hundreds of einherjar. Most, to my knowledge, never came to
understand or use their talents. Others realized their abilities set
them apart from others and sought to rule. Precious few chose to put
their gifts into service to anything resembling a greater good or a
higher ideal.

Morgan had always tried to be discreet in the use of his abilities,
but when Isaac Magnin himself showed up with a militia brigade armed
with the electrolaser weapons Liebenthal had been selling I thought
our end had come. There was no shelter, no cover, no way out of the
line of fire. I thought Morgan had gone mad, to put himself between me
and the guns aimed at us. I had seen him shot with /one/ of those
weapons; he had placed himself between a Fireclown and Sarah and taken
the shot for her. It would have killed her outright and should have
bloody well killed him; as it is he was badly injured and took a
couple of days to recover.

There was no way he could have survived a volley of fire from hundreds
of such weapons, yet once again he stood against odds he might not
survive because he knew nobody else could defy them.

I should have watched. I should have borne witness. But I could not
bear to. I closed my eyes so that I wouldn't see him torn apart in
front of me, and the world went white as Isaac gave the order to
fire. The storm came, and when the guns ran out of power Morgan was
still there. Though barely able to stand, he stood swaying on his
feet. The air shimmered around us the way I had seen it shimmer around
Morgan when he shielded himself against his enemies instead of simply
taking a bullet, and that's when I realized that he had figured out
how to extend the barrier he could project. He was protecting
Liebenthal because duty demanded it.

But the barrier was fading, and the guns charging up. I was sure
Morgan would not be able to withstand another assault, but I was
bereft of ideas. I wanted to grab Morgan and drag him away to cover,
Liebenthal be damned, but I didn't.

Instead all I could do was go to him, and put my arms around him. He
had his sword held before him, as if it were a focus for his defiance,
and I rested my hands on his. They were so cold beneath my fingers,
the knuckles white. His breath came in shallow pants, and I thought I
could hear a lyric repeated as a mantra, but he seemed to settle as I
buried my face in his hair.

I don't remember what I whispered in his ear. Did I tell him that I
loved him? Did I say that I would be there for him even if our bitter
end had found us together? I don't know. All I remember was that the
curtain of light before us had ceased to waver. Rather than
threatening to flicker out of existence it seemed to solidify.

The storm surged again, and I rode it with him. He took everything
they had to give, and I could feel the power beneath his skin
threatening to consume him. His sword had shattered; he was left
holding nothing but the hilt, but from the remaining jagged stump a
new blade of deep purple flame extended.

"Let go of me now," he said, his voice gentle even though it came
through gritted teeth. "Take Liebenthal. I will deal with /these/."

I did not take Liebenthal. I stayed and watched as Morgan disappeared
before me. Lightning arced as militiamen dropped their weapons, and
though I could not see what Morgan did the result was obvious; armored
in ire and wielding the sword of his hatred he was destroying their
weapons as an alternative to killing them. It wasn't until they had
all fled that Morgan dropped back into sight. He had turned his fury
on Isaac Magnin himself.

Isaac, unarmed, should have been defenseless. Yet he stood firm and
when the unforgiving blade came down he caught it between the palms of
his hands. It winked out of existence, and before Morgan could react
he was suspended, helpless as he struggled against the white hand that
grasped him by the throat. Morgan clawed at Isaac, chopped at his
wrist, and even tried to gouge out those hateful blue eyes, but it was
futile. There was nothing Morgan could do to stop Isaac Magnin the
fiend who pretended to be an effete tech magnate, from hurling
suspending him in midair like a recalcitrant kitten who insisted on
clawing at the couch instead of using the scratching post.

Then Isaac turned to me. He said, "Will you defy me for /his/ sake?"
Before I could reply, he hurled Morgan at me with a thrust of his
outstretched arm. I should have gone after Isaac then, but Morgan was
sprawled insensate at my feet, barely breathing.

Desdinova tells me he's patched up and recovering. I should be there
with him. But I'm afraid to. I'm afraid that if I see him in that bed,
sedated under a dosage sufficient to kill a dozen ordinary men, I
won't be able to believe he's still alive.

He should be dead. I want to refuse this reality, but neither can I
accept his survival. I'm afraid for him, yet simultaneously afraid of
him too. My father is a demon, the man I've come to love is a titan,
and am I to side with the latter against the former? Who am /I/ to do
such a thing.

It's been twelve hours since I stopped writhing this entry. I should
start a new one, but I can't be bothered because I'm still I am
afraid.

And I have come to hate the man who has frightened me thus.

If Isaac Magnin is the devil, then am I not the devil's daughter? Does
that not count for /something/? We will see, because I've finally
forced myself to look at Morgan, and see the consequences of my
cowardice.

Here in the intimacy of this eyes-only journal I can admit the
truth. I could have saved Morgan. I could have armored him with the
truth, or at least as much of it as I understood. I could have warned
him against letting himself get caught up in Isaac Magnin's
machinations years ago. I could have showed him the Starbreaker. Armed
with that hellsword we might have defied my father together.

When the moment permits I will tell him everything, and then we will
decide what to do. Our lives have been a prison of my father's design
for too long. If we cannot break entirely free, let's at least have a
riot in the dungeons.


## Interlude: I Just Want You

Having listened to Naomi's story, Morgan finds himself struck by the
courage and resolve with which she carried her burdens all these
years, keeping them locked away. He admits to being worried that she
might someday tire of him, but says that he can't have forever with
her then he'll find a way to be content with the time they get
together. Meanwhile, Annelise finds that she can't understand why
Morgan would forgive her, and returns to his brownstone the next day
to ask him to tell /his/ story.

The title comes from "I Just Want You" by Ozzy Osbourne, from
/Ozzmosis/.


#### An Email Chain Supporting Naomi's Story

From: Iris Deschat To: Edmund Cohen CC: Saul Rosenbaum Date:
12099-01-04 10:37-0500 Subject: AC>CR transfer for Morgan Cooper

Eddie:

I know this isn't your idea. We all know that the Civil Rights
division suffers no lack of volunteers; thanks to the free propaganda
we get from Hollywood everybody and their cat wants to be an
Adversary. Finding suitable recruits for Arms Control is much more
difficult, and equally important. I'd like to think that the rest of
the executive council has no need for me to belabor the importance of
ensuring global demilitarization but their insistence on assigning
Morgan Cooper to the Civil Rights division despite his repeatedly
stated preference for Arms Control raises doubts.

You understand how rare it is for a recruit to choose Arms Control;
the injury and fatality rates for Peacemakers consistently exceed
those of Adversaries, and Peacemakers do not receive the hero-worship
Adversaries get.

As senior director for the Arms Control division, I must insist on an
explanation.

-- Iris Deschat Senior Director Phoenix Society Arms Control Division


From: Saul Rosenbaum From: Edmund Cohen To: Zachary Aster Date:
12099-01-04 10:45-0500 Subject: AC>CR transfer for Morgan Cooper

Boss, I'm attaching this email I got from Iris. Sticking Cooper in the
Adversaries was your brother's idea and since you don't want me to be
honest with her I'll let you figure out what I should tell the lady.

Frankly, I don't get it myself. If your brother wants to test Morgan's
capabilities as an einherjar, won't there be plenty of opportunity in
Arms Control? Black market ordnance dealers don't take kindly to
Peacemakers cramping their style, and they're hardly reluctant to
express their displeasure.

So, what gives? Sure, the kid would make a good Adversary, too, but
the Civil Rights division gets so many starry-eyed idealists that we
manage to get a few good Adversaries out of each batch of recruits,
but people willing to follow the money and beard arms dealers in their
own dens are a bit rarer. We should be taking advantage of the kid's
willingness to take on the shit detail.

-- Edmund Cohen Phoenix Society Internal Affairs Division


From: Saul Rosenbaum To: Edmund Cohen CC: Iris Deschat Date:
12099-01-04 10:46-0500 Subject: AC>CR transfer for Morgan Cooper

Look, Cohen, I might have been the one to scout out Cooper and
persuade him to join up, but I've got plenty of Adversaries an plenty
of recruits happy to swell the ranks further. I don't know what kind
of game Isaac Magnin is playing, but Cooper wants to be a Peacemaker
and Iris wants him for Arms Control. That's where he ought to be. It's
not like they can't use a guy who thinks nothing of walking
empty-handed into a gunfight because he knows he'll walk out without a
scratch.

I'm dead serious when I say that the Adversaries don't need this kid
as badly as the Peacemakers do. Pass that up the chain, OK?

-- Saul Rosenbaum Senior Director Phoenix Society Civil Rights
Division


From: Malkuth To: Edmund Cohen CC: Iris Deschat CC: Saul Rosenbaum
Date: 12099-01-04 13:37-0500 Subject: AC>CR transfer for Morgan Cooper

The executive council has determined that the Phoenix Society's aims
are best served with Morgan Cooper serving as an Adversary rather than
a Peacemaker. However, the Arms Control division may "borrow" Cooper
for cases where his capabilities may prove particularly useful.

Magnin has a specific role in mind for Cooper. His musical aspirations
are of particular interest to him, and it is the majority opinion of
the executive council that a touring rock musician moonlighting as an
Adversary may prove especially useful to our cause. Our talent
distribution is uneven due to our current assignment policy. Though
Cooper might be based in New York, we can assign him missions in any
city he visits while touring as long as there's sufficient slack in
his touring schedule. We anticipate the following benefits:

* The threat of an einherjar showing up in arbitrary locations around
the world may deter some abuses of power.
* The globe-trotting lifestyle of a high-profile rock musician makes
Cooper useful in the event of an angel sighting, as he can be
deployed where needed by suborbital without having to put much
effort into justifying his presence outside NYC.
* The stimulation of travel may stave off burnout, allowing us to get
more use out of Cooper than we normally get from Adversaries.

The XC's further opinion is that Cooper should not be burdened with
routine investigative duties, but made available to assist in cases
where a suspect is likely to resist arrest or has already done
so. This should also prevent unnecessary casualties.

Bear in mind the Phoenix Society's primary mission, but do not reveal
to Cooper under any circumstance that he is being tested to determine
whether he is capable of taking on the extraterrestrial entity
code-named SABAOTH. Knowing that he has been tapped for Operation
Deggial will alter his performance and distort our test results.

Please come directly to me with any questions or concerns.

-- Malkuth Phoenix Society Central Admin


From: Edmund Cohen To: Iris Deschat, Saul Rosenbaum Date: 12099-01-04
17:30-0500 Subject: The Taming of Enkidu

I know you're both worried about the prospect of Morgan being involved
in Operation Deggial without informed consent. I don't think there's
anything we can do to directly oppose the XC in this, but I have an
idea.

Have either of you read the Epic of Gilgamesh? In the epic, Gilgamesh
tamed the wild man Enkidu by sending a priestess to seduce him and
teach him civilized ways.

Maybe we can do something similar. Can either of you recommend
somebody Cooper's age to whom we can give the long-term mission of
befriending him and helping him be more man than weapon?

-- Edmund Cohen Phoenix Society Internal Affairs


From: Iris Deschat To: Edmund Cohen CC: Saul Rosenbaum Date:
12099-01-04 18:12-0500 Subject: Operation Enkidu

If you just want somebody to befriend Cooper, you might want to
consider those already close to him. He seems to get on well with
Sydney Reeves, and I suspect that if the XC hadn't insist on having
Cooper for the Adversaries he and Reeves would have made an effective
partnership.

-- Iris Deschat Senior Director Phoenix Society Arms Control Division


From: Saul Rosenbaum To: Edmund Cohen CC: Iris Deschat Date:
12099-01-04 18:12-0500 Subject: Operation Enkidu

It's too bad Naomi Bradleigh retired after that clusterfuck in
Clarion. The influence she had on Mike Brubaker made him an asset.

I doubt Bradleigh would put on an Adversary's pins again,
though. Cohen, do you think you can persuade her to come back as an
Inquisitor working directly under you? That way she can tell that
martinet Del Rio to ESBAM if she decided to live up to her name and go
full Karen.

I'll keep an eye on Cooper myself, and try to be his rabbi.

-- Saul Rosenbaum Senior Director Phoenix Society Civil Rights
Division


From: Edmund Cohen To: Iris Deschat, Saul Rosenbaum Date: 12099-01-04
19:29-0500 Subject: Operation Enkidu

Iris, please sound out Reeves if you think she'll be suitable. I'll be
in London this weekend, so I should be able to talk to Bradleigh in
person. Oddly enough, she had met Cooper when he was younger. Seems
they worked the same dive and it was kitten love as soon as the kid
first heard Nims singing torch songs for tips.

Incidentally, I have orders from the members of the XC who weren't in
on the majority consensus. I'll be taking a personal interest in
Morgan Cooper. Saul's notion of mentoring the kid is a good idea, but
his mentor shouldn't be the one giving him his orders.

-- Edmund Cohen Phoenix Society Internal Affairs


## Part IV: Small Dark Lines

This is Morgan Cooper's tale of how he first met Isaac Magnin, and his
subsequent dealings with him.

The title comes from "Small Dark Lines" by Threshold, from /Legends of
the Shires/.


#### In the Army Now

"Why recruit /me/?" said Morgan. "It's not like other recruits got the
hard sell. They came here on their own, but I've got a director
bringing me to see somebody from the executive council? That doesn't
make sense."

Cohen shrugged. "You brought this on yourself, kid."

A video began to play on the wallscreen, a scene from a memory. An
apartment ablaze, two women huddled together with their children, and
a /shape/ that did not belong looming over them. Cohen paused the
video. "This ring any bells?"

"Yeah, but what's that got to do with anything?"

"You asked 'why me'. The answer is /because you were there/. It had to
happen to somebody, and you didn't have the sense to get out of the
way. It would have been easy. All you had to do was avert your eyes
and tell yourself it wasn't your problem. Nobody would have blamed
you; there were actual firefighters and paramedics on the scene. But
you couldn't bear to be a bystander. You /had/ to step up. You rushed
into that burning building, killed a demon, and saved four
lives. Congratulations, asshole, you're a hero."

"I was just trying to do the right thing. Somebody had to try to
rescue those people, and nobody else would."

"The actual professionals, the people who knew what they were doing,
crunched the numbers and decided the odds of getting any of them out
alive without losing firefighters and paramedics weren't favorable
enough to justify the attempt," said Cohen. "And they were right. They
were only human."

"So am I."

"Don't bullshit me, kid. I know what you really are. You're a
100-series einherjar. The very last out of six hundred and
sixty-six. You could have figured the odds as easily as those
firefighters. You /knew/ it was a bad idea to cross that threshold,
but you said 'fuck it' and did it anyway."

"/Somebody/ had to."

"That's what you said then, too. Somebody had should have, but nobody
else would. Well, somebody ought to stand up to tyranny and most
people won't. Most people /can't/. They don't have the
heart. Adversaries do, and so do you."

"But Arms Control needs men, too. I could be an asset there as a
Peacemaker without having to hurt anybody."

"You're right," said Cohen. "You could, but that's not you. You were
made, not born. You were designed to stand against odds that would
break armies. You're einherjar, an army of one. But there's something
in your psyche that isn't part of the design, an X factor that the
people working on Project Einherjar hoped would arise as you kids grew
up. Do you know what it is?"

"Courage?"

Cohen shook his head. "Courageous people are afraid, but face their
fear and act despite it. Adversaries need something more, because
they're knights in Satan's service doing a thankless job that
nonetheless needs doing, and you've got it. You are /defiant/. You
look at tyranny, corruption, and senseless death and you aren't
content to politely say 'no'. You say, 'Hell no!'." Warming to his
theme, Cohen shook his fist in their air. "You're the kind of guy who,
if you were struck by lightning, would flip off the heavens and yell,
'Is that the best you've got? Try again, motherfucker!'"

"You think so?" said Morgan. "That sounds more like foolhardiness to
me."

"Yeah? Let's talk about that." The screen changed to show a group of
men in suits playing poker. "Remember these assholes?"

"Yeah. They were hitting people in my neighborhood up, saying they
needed to pay extra for insurance. Police wouldn't do anything,
because the racketeers were giving them a cut." Morgan indicated one
of the men. "That scumbag ran the local police precinct."

"You could have reported this to the Phoenix Society."

"You would have spent months investigating, building a case. There are
people in my neighborhood who couldn't afford to pay these assholes
while you did that."

"They would have gotten restitution."

"Oh, sure," said Morgan. "I can't pay rent this month because I had to
pay off gangsters, but I'll pay you when the Phoenix Society pays
restitution. You really think that's gonna fly? Something had to be
done then and there, not once you people were ready to give these
pusbags due process."

"Right, so you walk in and give these assholes a fucking civics
lesson." Lifting the remote, Cohen started the video.

"Hey, kid," said the man with the fanciest suit. "You here by mistake
or something?"

"I think the mistake is on your part," said Morgan on video. "Nobody
elected you. No constitution enumerates your powers or provides any
decent restraint. You have no authority to collect taxes or to force
my neighbors to pay for 'insurance', and if you do not immediately
cease and desist I will remand you to the Phoenix Society's custody."

"You and what army?"

"There are only ten of you. Every exit is sealed. The only way out is
through me, and you can't all come at me at once. You dare not use
your guns lest a ricochet injure or kill you or one of your
associates."

"There's a hole in your reasoning. Ever hear of frangible ammunition?"
The leader reached into his jacket, pulled a semiautomatic, and
fired. Morgan's visual field shimmered for a moment as he shielded
himself, and birdshot clattered against the floor. "So, you're one of
those einherjar. Nice shield, kid. Do you really think it's gonna hold
against all of us?"

On cue, the other men pulled their weapons and opened fire. Morgan
rode out the firestorm, not letting his shield fade until every slide
locked on an empty chamber. Then, as the men made to reload, he sprang
into action. Holding his place in time, he leaped onto the table,
disarming one man at a time and disassembling their pistols in rapid
succession before returning to his original position in the
doorway. Once Morgan let go of his place in time, the men stared at
their empty hands before staring at him. "Who the hell /are/ you?"

Cohen froze the video again. "You see this shit? This is why we want
you. You can face down assholes like these unarmed and come away
unscathed. Also, you did everything short of dressing up as a goddamn
bat. We can't tolerate vigilantes, especially if they're bloody
einherjar, but if we can't stop you then we might as well put you on
the fucking payroll."

"And if I refuse?" Not that Morgan had any intention of
refusing. Getting paid to go after people who abused their power and
made life suck for everybody else sounded like the best deal he was
likely to get. In between cases he could practice his guitar and study
music theory.

"If you refuse, we'll run you through a fuckin' meat grinder and use
you for chum. We can't have you operating without decent
restraint. Your methods are unsound because you're untrained, you know
bugger-all about the law, and you the only evidence you had was jack
and shit—and Jack just fucked off to Ibiza for some R&R."

"Do you enjoy sounding like a stock character in a war movie?"

"Do you enjoy having a boot up your arse?" Cohen leaned forward,
staring Morgan down. "'Cause einherjar or not I'm gonna plant mine so
far up yours you'll be able to lick it clean. You might think you're a
badass, but all you've got going for you right now is brute force and
ignorance. You're like that cat who walks through walls because nobody
got around to telling the little furball he's not supposed to be able
to do that."

Covering his mouth, Morgan stifled a yawn. Though it had not been
intentional, he understood the message it would send. It made plain
the fact that the old soldier's posturing did little to impress
him. There was nothing for it but to lean in. "Are you done trying to
convince me that you've got the biggest dick?"

"I've already convinced your mother, kid."

"Better you than me." Cracking a joke about screwing her mother might
have upset other young men, but Morgan had already cut his ties and
dynamited the bridge behind him. "Somebody ought to, but I'm not about
to step up and take on that burden."

"Good. You've got some emotional control. We might be able to make an
Adversary out of you yet."

"Oh?"

"You heard me," said Cohen. He leaned back in his chair. "You'll get
instructions on where to show up by text message tomorrow, along with
what possessions you can bring with you. In the meantime, go get laid
or something. You won't have time for any of that until you're sworn
in."

"Yes, sir."

An approving nod from Cohen. "That's fine for now, but some of your
instructors will be North American Commonwealth Marines before
Nationfall. They'll expect every sentence out of your mouth to begin
and end with 'sir'. You'll come to hate them—everybody does—but
that'll be fine as long as you say 'Sir. Go fuck yourself, sir.'"

No time like the present to get used to it, though he hoped it was
only part of the discipline imposed on recruits and not a ritual
formula that would haunt him throughout his service as an
Adversary. "Sir. Yes, sir."


## Part V: Screaming for Vengeance

After Annelise, Naomi, and Morgan have told their stories, the three
must decide what they'll do with their newfound knowledge of Isaac
Magnin's nature. Though they're not ready to show it, deep inside
their hearts they're screaming for vengeance.

The title comes from "Screaming for Vengeance" by Judas Priest, the
title track of their 1982 album.



Footnotes
_________

[1] The name comes from Old Norse, and can be taken to mean "army of
one" or "one who fights alone". The einherjar of Norse myth were
warriors slain in battle, chosen by the Valkyries and brought to
Valhalla where they train in preparation for Ragnarok.

[2] Mitochondria are organelles that generate power for eukaryotic
cells, like those of the human body and all other plants and
animals. Einherjar are capable of consciously controlling their body's
mitochondria, and do so to generate additional power for use in
creating a set of preternatural effects: inhuman speed, an inertial
dampening field, and an energy blade.

[3] "Blue Monk" is a piece composed and made famous by jazz pianist
Thelonious Monk.

[4] A "golden fantasy" is an expectation that all of one's problems
can be solved by interaction with a perfect and infinitely caring
relationships figure. This expectation tends to be less of a secret
than the person holding it believes. Annelise is using it with the
implication that Morgan Cooper will latch onto the woman she'll become
and try to pin all his hopes of developing into a complete human
individual on her.

[5] Morgan Cooper plays the Chapman Stick, an instrument developed by
jazz guitarist Emmett Chapman in the 1970s to facilitate polyphonic
two-handed tapping. It's the same instrument used by Tony Levin (King
Crimson, Liquid Tension Experiment).

[6] an AI-enabled drum machine. Its name stands for "Computer Assisted
Rhythm Logic"; along with the name of its manufacturer it's a shoutout
to Carl Palmer (as in Emerson, Lake & Palmer).

[7] It's the same material that was used to make the Starbreaker. The
physical remnant of a black hole, it has an atomic number of 666 and
is a stable hypermassive transuranic heavy metal. Were it known to
human scientists, they might call it "antichristium".

[8] An /asur'astra/ is an asura weapon, similar to the /dev'astras/
mentioned in Hindu epics like the /Ramayana/, /Mahabharata/, /Bhagavad
Gita/, and /Rig Veda/. Asura weapons that do not bear the name of a
particular asura are generic weapons, powerful but limited in
scope. The one Isaac has given to Christabel is a limited-scope
weapon; its reach is no greater than that of a common sword, but it
emits a force-blade as powerful as those generated by einherjar.
